The cyclist was riding through a tower when he stopped for directions. These old men told him to take a short cut and he did and got lost. He was in a ghost town in the desert. In conclusion the desert is hot.	1
"Many different characteristics in a setting and determine the outcome of an event there. Im the story, Rough Road Ahead Do Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit, the cyclists journey was affected my a few weather relouded things. The heat was an extreme thing that showed him down and in most cases detened him from reading his maximum level of ability. Also the time of your in which this labes place, greatly affects the cyclist. Lastly, the type of road and amount of ground that he has to cover after affects his performance. Overall, setting can be a determining factor in a journey as they life"	2
Well I would put it like this is that the weather had everything to do with it because the not weather make you tired and upset and easy to angre so now it make you upset and and then stress.	1
"The features in the story great effect the cyclist. One feature of the setting that effects the cyclist is the heat. At first, the story says that the pine trees cooled the cyclist, but eventually the forest turned into a desert, and the heat poured down on him, make it hard to cycle. Another feature that effected the cyclist was the lack of water. As he moved away from his beginning point, the cyclist was drinking lots of water. But when he needed to refill, the water was brown and hot, so the cyclist didnÅft take any. The lack of water plus the heat formed one giant obstacle that potentialy could have killed him, but through great determination the cyclist got through this troubling time."	2
Some of the features of the setting affect the cyclist like the road was bad it had bumps all over that made it much harder and it also took up a lot of strength. Also the neighborhood of two hundre degrees after that become to a road with arore bunch of hills	1
"In the story ÅgDo not exceed posted speed limit""  the author Joe Kurmaskie tells you that there many things you have to go through before you get there. The example is when ""he stops and asks for directions to Yosemite state park"". Because he did what to get lost. When he had to and other towns. The next example is when he came to a rock in the road:  And had to get water form a old rusted pump because he had really no water left in his water bottle"	1
"The cyclist was well prepaired for his adventure however hot enuff for a change in senary. When the old men told him to take a difficult path and did his in tire setting changed for the worst. After this he was nearly over powered by devastating hills and dehydration was slowly creeping up on him as well. He had not nearly packed enuff water or supplies for a change such as that and he would regret it later. The Hills were steep and endless, and the sun was hot and mercilous mankind it even worse on him. This is how the change of setting affected the cyclist.  "	2
In this story the cyclist is going through a desert of California. This is a reason why he is very limited on water supply. It is really hot which would cause him to drink a lot more water. He had started his journey in the morning so that the sun wasnÅft as hot as it would be in the middle of the day. Then it started to get a lot more sonny. So with the sun comes more heat. The rider says ÅgThe sun was beginning to beat down.Åh This would help the readers realize what time a day it was and how hot it was. This was in the morning so he didnÅft realize it but as it got into the afternoon he realized it and started to get dehydrated. 	2
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways. For example, the weather in California in June was hot and the water the cyclist found in the pipes was hot, as well. The text says, ÅgSomewhere in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.Åh This affected him because he had no water to drink from. Another example is when he had to overcome tumbleweeds and snakes. The text states, Ågtumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.Åh This was an obstacle that he had to overcome. Another example is he was deserted. The text says, Ågno one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.Åh"	2
"In the essay ÅgRough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit,Åh the author changes the mood by not only telling us how the cyclist feels, but also by describing his environment. As he's leaving the Ågresevoir compgroundÅh heÅfs feeling pretty good because heÅfs just leaving Ågthe serenity of an early-summer evening and heÅfs headed toward ÅgThe cool pines and rushing rivers of Yosemite.Åh HeÅfs in a beautiful setting and this affects the cyclist because heÅfs anticipating another one. However, when he moves to the Ågghost townÅh and the Ågsun was beginning to beat downÅh heÅfs less confident and becoming more doubtful about the mens advice. However, heÅfs still optimistic, finally it funny that it was once Åga thriving little spot.Åh Next, when the cyclist comes to Ågone ramshackle shed, several rusty pumps and a coralÅh he knows that things are in bad shape and he @CAPS1 water. However, all the have is a Ågtarlike substanceÅh so he moves on, having no choice. When he comes to the Ågrough road tumbleweeds and a ridiculously large snakeÅh it effects the cyclist by letting him know that things are at their worst and he can either give up, or keep pushing through. I doubt it could get any worse, and so does the cyclist. Finally, at the end the cyclists enters a rather modern bathroomÅh and things are back to civilization for him, so he feels relaxed, relieved and much better. "	3
"The setting in ÅgRough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Posted Speed LimitÅh was a very large factor of the story that was actually the cause of the protagonistÅfs problem throughout. First it started off with the large hills he had to ride up, making him work harder and tire himself out quickly. Next the big problem was the heat of June, Åg and the growing realization that I could drop from a heatstroke on a gorgeous day in June simply because Åh The heat was so really bad because it made him hot, thus depleting his water supply [which he needed to survive] and it gave the large, almost inevitable risk of falling from a heatstroke and dying. The heat also made the abandoned Juice Factory all the more ironic and bitter for the protagonist. ÅgA sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen.Åh @CAPS1, in the unbearable heat with no water left and @CAPS2 knows how many miles left to cycle, this really made him feel like the sorriest, unluckiest man in the world. The setting overall, seemed almost crafted to make the protagonist not only suffer from the natural elements, but from things that seemed meant purely taunt him for it. "	3
"The features of the setting in the essay, ÅgRough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit,Åh greatly affected the cyclist. In the beginning of this manÅfs journey he was confident in his abilities. ÅgI rode in the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.Åh  The cyclist was prepared for an exciting day and the setting supported this feeling. ""The cool pines and rushing rivers of Yosemite had my name written all over them."" @CAPS1, as the setting began to change and his water ran out, the cyclist's attitude changed. He was Ågtraveling through the high deserts of California in JuneÅh without much water and begun to feel desperate. As more and more abandoned buildings and deserted towns appeared he went into despair. ÅgAt some point, tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously larg snake - it really did look like a diamondback-blocked the majority of the pavement in front of me.Åh He was in the middle of nowhere with no one around and because of this setting he lost hope of surviving. He thought he was going to die of heat stroke, not having any water left, on these short rolling hills and under the extremelyly hot sun. The cyclist was affected by the features of the setting, going from confidence, to desperation and despair, and then to relief, the changes in setting caused his change in attitude throughout this journey. "	3
"In the stories, donÅft exceed posted speed limit, there are some very descriptive settings. In the stories these settings have a great effect on the cyclist. Through these our settings the effects change. Some good effects some harsh effects. The first setting that is described do you is, ""the cool pines and rushing rivers of Yosemite had my name written all over them."" This setting gives you a vivid picture of were the cyclist is heading. This setting also establishes a happy sort of mood. Let the pretty picture is about to change. Not so much further in to the cyclist ride he noticed a change of terrain,"" flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills."" @CAPS1 the cyclist is short on water, and is becoming very tyered. Seeing this just crushes his spirit. @CAPS1 riding hills hard, but ridding hills with our knowing of something good waiting for you on the other side of the hills. Both of these, very different settings gives off very different feeling. The first one makes you think he is going to have as easy enjoy able bike ride. But this all changes when he hit those horrible hills. Just the thought of having so ride over miles of hills, makes your legs hurt. Over all the features of the setting saposed an intense bike ride for the cyclist, followed by a reward by beautiful place.      "	3
How the features of the setting affect the cyclist by taking and not had the right setting. The features are just not right and and they could be changed around a little bit and still have about the same meaning of the essay. So I think they should change it around.	2
"The feature of the setting affect the cyclist by one, the conditions of the road were awful. Two, the cyclist said there was a huge snake blocking his path as well as the occasional tumble weed. The biggest affect on the cyclist was the lack of water with unbearable heat and he was tired. Those are the affects the features of the setting had on the cyclist."	2
"This is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist. One example is Ågflat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.Åh That changes the effect because by saying that it will show how tired he is going to be or the work trying to make it over the hills. Another example would be Åghigh deserts of California in June.Åh ThatÅfs saying its hot outside and very tiring. I think it means that because in California its really hot and in June the Ågsummer timeÅh its very tiring. That is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.  "	2
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist with his train of thought. On page @NUM1 it says, ÅgI had been hitting my water bottles pretty regularly, and I was traveling through the high deserts of California in June.Åh This gives a sence of heat and foreshadows maybe the lack of water heÅfll have later on. As he passes a snake, Ågtrying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.Åh So the cyclist is most likely begin to feel dizzy and begins to loose hope. On page @NUM2 he says, ÅgÅcI could drop from heatstrokeÅcÅh meaning heÅfs starting to think of the worse possible things that could happen. Which effects him because heÅfs beginning to loose hope and  thinks heÅfs not going to make it. On page @NUM3, he says, ÅgI was going to die and the birds would pick me cleanÅcÅh By this point the conditions he was having were rough and making him worry. This is how the features of the setting affected the cyclist throughout the story."	3
"The features of the setting affected the cyclist in a lot of ways. in the essay, the author describe how the setting is hot, it is bumpy, it makes him sweat, it makes him tired, he is also, running out of water from his thirst. The road gets, very rocky at one point. The narrator states ÅgFlat road was replaced by short, rolling hills (Kurmaskie @NUM1). There is also a photograph that shows how rough the terrain is. It is barrain with nothing around it."	1
"In ÅgRough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit"" by Joe Kurmaskie, he describes his trying biking trip through California. In the essay, he describes the weather with ÅgI was traveling through the high deserts of California in June.Åh While this @MONTH1 not directly characterice the weather, the reader can confin a clear image of the sweltering heat of a desert in the summer. When the author comes across the Ågghost townÅh followed by the dilapidated shack, and finally the sign that read ÅgRough Road Ahead,Åh his hope of finding Yosemite Park was gone. The hopelessness of the situation made the author want to give up, thinking that he was going to die out in the desert from dehydration and exhaustion. This can be related to anyone that has been lost in unfavorable conditions, and the feeling of helplessness and fear that goes along with it. It feels like everything is against you, with nothing working in your favor, and this is what the author experiences in his description of his trip in ÅgRough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit.Åh"	3
"In the setting of Åg Rough road ahead: do non excee posted speed limit.Åh The cyclist is greatly affected. In the beginning the authour is enjoying a nice campground outside lodi California when Ågold-timersÅh told the cyclist directions and from his piont of view  ""they'd  sounded so sure of themselves when pointing off out land marks and spouting off towns  I would come to along this breezy aunt.Åh So the cyclist used that information and it wasnÅft for   The Better."	1
"The cyclist has it hard in the conditions lack of water, heat and rough terrain are all things that made his ride harder. First, the lack of water took a tole on the amount of energy he had to keep going. Secont the heat also affected his trip It mad it hard for him to Keep going he thought he would die. And the birds would bick at his dead body. Last the Terrain didnÅft help. The trip had many hills and that used alot of energy so I made it harder. In conclusion those are things that worked against th cyclist."	2
"  The setting causes major problems for the cyclist in the essay, ÅgDo Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit.Åh The cyclist was faced with a desert, traveling in extreme humid temperatures and no water. He encounters poisonous snakes and areas of no buildings or civilization all together. The effect on him was the main conflict of the essay. He had no water during some of the trip and lost all hope. He told himself that it was no use. In the story it says, ÅgIt didnÅft really matter. I was going to dieÅcÅh. The extreme measures of the setting caused the cyclist to lose control, putting stones in the mouth to stop thinking of his thirst. Over all, the setting caused the cyclist major problems, physically, and mentally."	3
The story ÅgDo not exceed posted speed limit is about a cyclist who got bad direction to Yosemite National Park and has a depleeding water supply is extreme heat. He is doubtful that he will make is journey because he is dehydrated and dizzy.	2
"The cyclist in the article almost died from dehydration and heat stroke and wrote his misadventure in a light hearted, humourous way. I commend him for almost dying and laughing about it and then turning around and blaming it on old people. He is an inspiration for reckless young folk. Oh yeah, and the setting was a desert."	1
"The cyclist's adventure was very much affected by his setting. It seemed as though the worse his setting became, the worst he personally felt. For example, when he hit the ghost town, he just laughed. Once he got to the fork in the road, he saw less of once exisiting civilization, and he says, ÅhThis sight is troubling,Åh. Once he moves on, he gets more discouraged by the ""Rough Road Ahead"" sign. It seems as though the more dehydrated he gets, the worse things became for him. The climate in the story also becomes @CAPS1 difficult. The land at first was flat and easy to ride, as it got harder to bike on, the cyclist grew @CAPS1 wary and delievious, but knew he had to keep going. The area in which the cyclist was in, had an enormous effect on him emotionally."	3
"In the story ""Do Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit"" the mans ride gets pretty rough. Because he took the old mens advice on a shortcut, the once enjoyable ride became a  "	1
"The features of the setting affect the cy clist in many ways. For example the lack of water was the biggest thing. Without cool water he had nothing to reboost his energy. He would get tired out faster. Even he does find water its hot, like when he says,Åh brakish water feeling some where in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.Åh This shows how in Ågthe high desert of June,"" the water is all very hot. Even after he pumped the well for several minutes the water still wouldnÅft cool down the hot desert had baked everything above and below ground. So when you go to get something liquid which heats and cools faster than solids it will be hot. Also the rough road made it difficult for the cyclist to travel it. We know the roads rough when he says, Åglarge highway signs dumped out at me. It read ROUGH ROAD AHEAD DO NOT EXCEED POSTED SPEED LIMIT. ""This also shows you couldnÅft go fast."	3
The features of the setting greatly effect he cyclist one way it effects him is because it is so hot and he doesnÅft here any water left. Also because their are so many almost buildingc and ghost towns this gives him cables haze that he will be able get the water.	1
"He setting made the cyclist feel lonely. The cyclist lost hope quickly because she was never saw any people or water on the way. The cyclist said they saw a Ågghost townÅh. Before he got to the fish camp the cyclist saw no one and was becoming dehydrated. This caused him to lose hope and at some points he thought he was going to die. For example, he says, ""I was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.Åh It is clear that the setting affected the cyclist in a very negative way."	2
The feature of the setting affected the cyclist because of the bad conditions of the road and the not sun and the desserts and the low amount of energy supply he had left the reasons why  	1
"The features of the setting affets the cyclist in afew ways. For example, the features of the ÅgRough RoadÅh didnt allow him to arive as fast so was drive @NUM1 on a @NUM2 speed limit. Second the fact that he was drivuing through a desert a large snake made its way on the Road, causing the man to have to ""ease past, trying to keep my balance in my dehidrated state.Åh @CAPS1 again because he was driving through the desert,hegot so hot & started to get dehydrated of lack of water. Lastly the features that there werent any buildings far miles so he was left lost and didnt have anywhere to stop & ask for directions. These few features defenitly affected the cyclist."	2
"The features at the setting affected the cyclist by dehydrating him. The setting had a hot sun, no trees, and no water. The cyclist was also feeling lesy. In the story he said ÅgI and the growing ??? :??? That I could drop from heat stroke.Åh"	2
"The setting it the essay ÅgRough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Posted Speed LimitÅh in three ways. One way is that it is very baren so there is no shade to stop the sun that is beating down the the cyclist body which adds to his dehydration and lack of to focus. Another way the setting affects the cyclist is the terrain the rolling hills, and desert he bikes through the hills make him work harder using up more energy and exsusaing his ater supply the desert also with it enemies heat make his not trust himself thinks there mirages he sees. The last way it affects him is the ghost towns when he sees them he get a hope of relief that he might get water and out the heat but when he passes in he finds nothing and leaves him chrested and think of death."	3
The features of the setting affect the cyclist in a couple different ways. When the cyclist found the gohst town since no one was there he could not ask someone for better directions or get some food or water. The short rolling hills make it harder to pedal because it is hard to pedal uphill. At the end of the story he found a bait shop where he got water and better direction's.	2
"In the story ÅgDo Not Exceed Posted Speed limit,Åh the featurs of the setting had a great deal to do with the cyclist. The rodes were bumpy, windy, and many hills. As the effect of that the cyclist had to drink a lot of water. As the cyclist rode into the so called town he found nothing, as he says ÅgI began to pump the old rusted water pump, but nothing came out except nasty blackish water."""	2
"In the story ÅgDo Not Exceed Posted Speed LimitÅhmany features of the setting challenge the cyclists.The cyclist accepts information from foreign old people which made his first mistake.After realizing this he,ÅgI had been hitting my water bottles pretty regularly,and i was traveling through the high deserts of California,in JuneÅhthe lack of water plus the heat in California,in june would have turned to heatstroke for most people.Even further into the journey,even with all those things against him it states,Ågflat rode was replaced by short,rolling hills,""@CAPS1 not only did he have excessive heat,and no water,but @CAPS1 he was handed troublesome rodes too.Although the cyclist must have been near to complete exhaustion,he continued through.Fighting all adds,and elements,many features in the setting of this story affected the cyclist,but he overcame them honorably."	3
"The features of the setting have a major affect on the cyclist. It is a very hot day and he is in a desert in California with a limited water supply. It starts becoming very hot, and his water supply begins to decrease quickly. The old men who he says Åghave not left their porch since @PERSON1 was in officeÅh gave him very wrong directions to Yosemite and he ended up getting lost out in a hot California desert. He eventually came to a fishing store where he refreshed with alot o f water from the sink, and then was off again on his way to Yosemite."	2
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist by their were rolling hills that went up and down and it to alot of streanth and also he barely had water because, it was so hot he kept drinking and ran out of water early. In the story it say when he was riding that Åg He barely noticed that the sun was starting to beat down.Åh This quote shows it was starting to get hot. Also, in the story he says Åg I checked my water supply.Åh @CAPS1 means heÅfs starting to realize his waters running short. So in all the setting is hot abandoned and theirs no water source, so  the cyclist is being affected by all of this"	2
"The features of setting affect the author because it moves him dehydrated. The dessert sun look sweat out of him and he had no water to bring that would replace his electrolites . Also, once the author had got into the hills he had lost a lot of his energy so peddling up his was a lot of work. If I were the author I would also have gotten tired because you need water in your body to survive."	2
"The features of the setting affected the cyclist grate deal. For example, it was not and hill goet dehydrated. He went down this rusty-bumpy road, which didnt help his dehygration And another example would be he found a plane was he could set a change and find the best way to get where he was going. That the features on the setting affection the cyclist."	1
"The features in the setting dramaticaly affect the cyclist. Everything was fine until he ran out of water and reached the hills. Now if he was in callada he woudnÅft of dehydrated. But the hills were sure to play with his mind. The most import setting is the welchs grape juice factory. He would have had all of the grape juice he wanted, but it was abandoned. An ironic twist Ågas he calls it. And the last one is hte bait shop that sawes his life, where an old man offers him directions."	2
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist in many way. Having desert rahas makes you want to just lay their and not try to go any further, because you donÅft know where and end will be. As for grassy, flowery land its more of a sense rout, and makes you want to keep going and see many things. Hills and terrain make it harder to keep going but more of a chalange, and a good workout at the same time, the setting does affect the cyclist."	2
"The features affect the cyclist in a big way. For one the ""heat beating down on him made him sweaty, hot and tired. The heat had also made him thirst which led him to drink a lot of water in a little amount of time so he ran out of water before the next town. Also the fact he was in the desert there were no trees to give time off shade that he could rest in. There were also no people around to help him or give him water. So in the ride he struggled more than he thought he could."	3
"The features of the setting affected the cyclist by causing him to be hit with his water bottle regularly, the high deserts of California affected him. Also, ÅgNot the miles into the next section of the ride, he noticed a terrain change.Åh For example flat roads was replaced by short, rolling hills. Then after over coming that, ÅgA large highway sign jumped out at him saying or reading,Åh ÅgRough Road Ahead: Do Not exceed Posted Speed Limit. And that was 55. Last the author says, ÅgSometimes life can feelso cruel. In conclusion there were many things that affected the cyclist."	2
"The setting very much affects the cyclist. ÅgI maneuvered down the hill.Åh This statement shows him going down the hill. If the hill wasnt there then it would hawe been a whole lot easier for him to get to where he was going, also he would have had more energy. If there werent anyhills to get in his way."	2
"The features of the setting affected the cyclist. For example, on page @NUM1, Kurmaskie said Åg I got down on my hands working the hande of the rusted water pump with all my strengthÅh that shows desperation due to the lack of water."	1
"The features of the setting, or environment, in which the cyclist is in greatly affects him. First of all, after leaving the campground with directions from the older gentlemen, he enters an area that is greatly isolated. In paragraph @NUM1, he wrote, ""This place might have been a thriving little spot at one time but on @TIME1, it fit the traditonal definition of a ghost town. ""This state of being alone later affected the cyclist because his increasing dehydration was becoming dangerous; if he were to collapse, he would most likely die. This drove the cyclist to continue on in order to survive. Another aspect that affected him was the extremely hot temperature. In paragraph, he implies the weather is hot by telling the reader he is traveling through to California desert in June. The heat gives the cyclist another obstacle to overcome in his struggling to get to the next town for water. Lastly in paragraph @NUM2, he mention the terrain changes to gently rolling hills. This shows the physical and metaphorical obstacles must get over the heat and isolation, but must also find the mental drive and determination to carry on. "	3
There are many reasons how the features of the setting affect the cyclist. There are ways mentally and physically. The ways mentally is that the cyclists can loose determination and pride if they cannot fight the journey of cycling. The ways physically is the setting is hot and rough and the cyclist would have lack of water and food supplies. Those were the ways how cyclist would be affected by the features of the setting both mentally and physically. 	2
The cyclist had very little water. It was very hot. He had a long way to go. The road was very bumpy so he couldnÅft go to fast or heÅfs tireÅfs might bust. There were know cars in site so if he did break down it would have taken even longer.	1
"In the essay, ÅgDo Not Exceed Posted Speed LimitÅh by Joe Kurmaskie, the features of the setting affected the cyclist because it made it more difficult for the cyclist to survive and make it through his journey. In the essay, it says, ÅgI arrived at the first ÅgTownÅhÅcthis place might have been a thriving little spot at one timeÅcbut on that morning it fit the traditional definition of a ghost @NUM1). In the essay, the cyclist takes directions from a few old men to get to Yosemite National Park. The cyclist has a limited amount of water, and it was a very humid day for traveling. Because of the humidity, the cyclist nearly ran out of water when he had to cycle up, Ågshort, rolling hillsÅh (@NUM2) in the hot weather. Had the town been thriving, he could have bought more water to make his trip easier to accomplish. Also, if the road in the story would have been flat, he cyclist wouldnÅft have gotten as tired as he did and needed more water. It would have been less strainful on the cyclist to pedal on a flat road rather than a hilly road. The challenges facing the cyclist remined me of that of the main character of the movie @PERSON2. In this movie, the main character must make his way through the extreme conditions of the desert, just like the cyclist had to in order to reach his destination. In conclusion, the setting clearly affects the cyclistÅfs journey in a negative way."	3
"The second photograph better communicates ideas similar to the ideas expressed in the essay ÅgA sea worry Åg, because the story is about a boy who surfs as a job & in the second picture a boy is surfing. The author says Ågmy son body-surfs. He says itÅfs his ÅgjobÅh. That quote was explaining that heÅfs a body-surfer & itÅfs his occupation. This is the reason I chose the secod photograph."	2
"As soon as the cyclist gained information about which way to go, he set off through tall, cool pines. They  gave him a feeling of confidence, and physically cooled his body down. As he headed down the road, he encountered various small towns-none of which looked promising- which gave him a feeling of despair, in accordance to his lack of water. Even further  into. the journey, he found one last town, and arundown welcheÅfs  @CAPS1 factory. This increased his thirst and gave him a feeling of spite towards the old men who had given him advice. However, he soon found a bait house where he could get water and escape the heat. For this he was satisfied and grateful to the owner. It made him realize to never again trust the old men."	3
"Setting affects the cyclist. The cyclist has to worry about the road condition. If the road condition is bad then the cyclist must reduce his/her speed. The cyclist also has to worry about if it is day or night. If it is night, they must be careful due to cars not being able to see them. In the text, the cyclist was in extremely hot weather. This is dangerous to cyclist if they are not prepared with things such as water."	1
"The author think that the setting means he is not getting any closer to his destination. However, he found out that there was still people around. He paniced and thought he was going to die. The places were desserted and he thought the lead nowhere. He was a little scared at the fact he might die because of everything around him was in a sense dead."	2
"The feature of the cyclist and the settings arnÅft that good. ThereÅfre insidents that are a problem. One is the bad weather. There is a tempature that makes it feels pretty close to @NUM1 degrees. He stops at a water pump, water comes out but it is really not cool. He takes two little sips and its like battarey acid. If he would to drink alot of that water it would probably kill him or make him very ill. He needs something because there was another town @NUM2 miles down the road so he has to find something to keep him going. As he is going down the road he sees a sign: Rough Road Ahead: Even though he is going 12 mph he could still hit a hole and go flying over his handle bars. If he does go over his handle bars he could run into the snake he saw then get eaten by the birds because he wouldnÅft have any energic to get up. ThereÅfre some interesting sence in the story."	2
The cyclist is in the desert which @NUM1 degrees with water that tastes like the battery acid. The desert makes him see the mirages having sweat get into his eyes. In the story  ÅgDo Not exceed Posted Speed LimitÅh by Joe Kurmaskie 	1
A response that explains how the features of setting affect the cyclist by getting wrong dirachion The old man. One features when tough an ghost town. The old people in the didnÅft know they were tell him. It made it haede for nam because that more harder roads and lesort water. He almost died.	1
"Some of the feature setting that effect the cyclist was the seal was begging to lent down, but he truly noticed it and about twenty miles up the road he came to park of sorts. The cyclist was riding through the high deserts of California in June. He get on his hands and hence working on the heated handle of the rusty pump. The pump began it shoot out a tarlike substance and the water was feeling somewhere of two hundred degrees. Two more miles I noticed the terrain changing from a flat road to a short, rolling hills.Åh He said tumble weeds crossed her path and a large snake crossed her pavement. He gather some pebbles and stuck them in his mouth, after reading that if sucking of stones helps to be your mind off thirst. Well after reading of I believed these settings did effect the cyclist."	1
"The features of the setting in the story affect the cyclist by describing that he is in a desert-like area in Lodi, California. They say it is very hot and there is sand everywhere. There also arenÅft many places to cool off at. They also described the water and Lodi to be about @NUM1 degree in temperature. The cyclist was trying to get to Yosemite to get away from the heat and to have a cool, shady pine trees to sit under, and cool fresh water. This affects the cyclist because he gets dehydrated because of the horrid heat."	2
"When the biker listened to the old folks he had confidence. He biked to the first town but it was like a Ågghost town.Åh A town is a town. soon after that, he did not see anything. No cars, buildings, or anything. He was getting sad and dehydrated. The old men swore there was a town coming up so he put his trust and confidence in him once again. He saw a building  coming up, but it was just an old wore down factory. He thought he was let down. He was sure he was going to die, right there right now. He than saw a siga for a fish comp! He was overjoyed! The place was real to! He thought of them as his savior! The settings effect the cyclist tremendously."	2
"In the story the features of setting affect the cyclist because there is not much he can depend on. For example, it is the desert and usually there is nothing there. The cyclist only has a limited supply of what he needs and riding through there does not help him. For example, the old men who gave him directions made him think he could make it longer before he could elgo. This affected him because throughout his journey his lack of water slowed him down and made him think he wasn`t going to make it. When he finally got to ÅgGary & WilberÅfs fish camp,Åh he learned a lesson because when an old man asked if he know the quickest route to Yosemite he said yes, I have a very good map.''"	2
"The cyclist has to over come a lot of obstacles. For example, there is a snake in his path, so he cationly rides around it. Also, there are alot of hills and he wasnÅft sure if he could make it up those hills. Furthermore, he is almost out of water so he could die of heatstroke or dehidration. In conclusion he over comes these obsticles and achieves his goal. "	2
The story is basically talking about more people with cars should ride bicycles to work or to schoolÅfs so it want be alot of polution in the air.	0
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.For example, he was in the california desert in June.The heat and lack of water can cause people to become dehydrated,passout or even die.There are not many sources of water in the deserts.The terrain didnÅft help him much either, hills use a lot of energy and  made him perspore,causing him to lose flood from his body. The cyclist was greatly affected by the features of the setting."	2
"The features of the setting gradually contribute to the cyclistÅfs anger. For example, at the beginning of the story, the cyclist comes across poisonous snakes, Ågone ramshacke shed, several rusty pumps, and a corral that couldnÅft hold in the lamest mule.Åh All of sights trouble the narrator, and he starts to becom frightened and neurotic. As he cycles on, the narrator begins to deplete his water supply, and when he stops to restock, Ågthe water wouldnÅft cool downÅh and Ågit had the flavor of battery acid. The cyclistÅfs lack of water frustrates him, and the increasing steepness of the hills adds to his annoyance. The final straw came when the cyclist passed by what he thought Åghad been a WelchÅfs Grape Juice Factory.Åh The narrator goes on in an outrage to explain that hopes to die out on the road, in order to spare himself from the dreaded features of the setting.  "	3
"Joe Kurmaskie had a rough time trying to get to Yosemite National park. First, he received directions from an old man, Joe followed these instructions; little did he know that he would be headed for many hardships. After he reached the first town he checked his supply. About @NUM1 more miles he reliced his bottle was getting low because he was travelling through the high deserts of California. It is hot cool out there,then the terrain changed. He no longer had that much water. He ran into a snake, which he swore was a alamond back. Finally, he came to another town, got some water and then left after going through ghost towns. Riding in conditions that are hot and unfamiliar are hard to do. Adding hills to heat is not a good combination, with nothing around val it can be very dangerais, even fatal. Before you bike thinkof what conditions are ahead of you"	3
"The features of the setting affects the cyclist by rush he /she got when speeding down the hill. The fresh morning air, no limits just you and your feet. Speeding, going as fast as you can with your heart pounding in your chest. No boundarys, when you can go where you like, when you like. No people to get in the way of you and your need for speed."	0
"The cyclist had to deal with some tough terrain throughout his ride. First, he was in the Åghigh deserts of California in June.Åh @CAPS1 usually brings a picture to my mind of a very dry, hot place. The cyclist had trouble finding water he needed, and thought he might die of heatstroke in the conditions. Also, there were hills. The cyclist said he had to ride over Ågone long, crippling hill.Åh From my experiences as a cyclist, hills are the worst part, especially if youÅfre thirsty. The climate in this story was very hot and dry, and the terrain was full of hills, so altogether, that would make one bad bike ride."	2
"In the passage, the features of the setting affect the cyclist because every time he comes along something different a new idea about his survival comes into his head. First, when the cyclist sees the mule he says, ÅgThis sight was troubling,Åh he is now troubled by the fact that he had not seen a town yet and starting to doubt the old mens advise. Also, when he sees the juice factory he puts some pebbles in his mouth and says, ÅgIt didnÅft really matter, I was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.Åh This shows that seeing the broken down juice factory gave him no hope and he tells his self that he will die."	2
Different settings can effect how well your bycycle ride goes. If it is hot and you have lots of hills it makes it hard. If you have no hills and it is a sunny breezy day it makes it nice to ride. In the essay the biker had no water left but was going down a hill. The going down the hill part was probably easy but the fact that he had no water left was not a good thing.	3
"It canÅft be known as, ""easy"" to ride through a desert on a bike. Adding rough pavement, rusty water pumps, and not so friendly animals adds to the discomfort as well. The cyclist in this story encountered all these things, making his supposedly pleasurable ride turn to a semi brutal experience Ågit got down on my hands and knee, working the handle of the rusted water pump with all my strength. Alike substance ooed out, followed by brackish water feeling somewhere in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees, ÅgThis quote shows how the conditions of his water supply where, which eventually lead him to dehydration. It lead: ROUGH ROAD AHEAD: DO NOT @CAPS1 SPEED LIMIT.ÅhThis quote also shows how the riding conditions were making the  cyclist have a harder time keeping speed. Ågat some point tumberweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake-it really did look like a diamond back-beaked the majority of the pavement in front of me.Åh @CAPS2, this quote show of some of the dangers the  cyclist encountered. If  these features did not appear, then maybe the story would be describing a nice bike ride, but once you read about them, it becomes more of a disaster."	3
"The features of the land around the cyclist caused him to confront  nature. when he began his trip with advice from Ågold coggersÅh he Åg rode out with strong legs and a smile.Åh As he came to the first town, he describes it as a Ågghost townÅh having no water and no human contact for some time. This should have been his cue to stop and turn around in hopes of another route to Yosemite. But with strong determination, he rods on. Through the miles he incountered a ramshackie shed, rusty pumps, snakes,and the wicked terrain. The short rolling hills tested his Åginner spiritÅh and caused his dehydration to further. The land around the cyclist not only victimized his heath but also caused a poor way to spend a vacation."	2
"The setting in the story ""Rough road aheadÅh plays a great role on the characters journey. Some features that are mentioned in the story are heat, rough road, long crippling hills and a abandoned Grape Juice Factory. The heat in the story drives the cyclist into a dying thirst. @CAPS1 does her best to conserve her water through out the trip but the dry dessert heat doesnÅft allow it. Then comes the rough road ahead. The cyclist trys to keep a steady and secure pass as @CAPS1 peddels along the bumps and breaks in the road. The long crippling hills are next in line the cyclist has to use all her energy to work up the hill. @CAPS1 wipes the sweat from her eyes to make sure its not a mirage and then @CAPS1 seeÅfs it the abandoned factory. This is where the cyclist loses all hope for if @CAPS1 doesnÅft receive water soon @CAPS1 is sure to be eaten by the birds. ÅgThen, and easily as rounding a band, my troubles, thirst, and fear were all behind me. Gary and Wilber Fish Camp.Åh @CAPS1 rushed to the bathroom to drink the refreshing water to the sink pride and accomplishment overwhelm her."	3
"The cyclist depicted in the essay is greatly effected by his surroundings. First, he described a beating sun and pines and rushing rivers. All these items are very animated things. The river is even described as rushing instead of, maybe violent. The setting is active just like the cyclist. Next, a ramshackle shed is acknowledged, as well as rusty pumps and a bad souding corral. When these old, forsaken things one mentioned, it can be noticed that the cyclist starts being a little in despair. And to tap that off, he drinks water that tastes like Ågbattery acid.Åh Battery eats at skin just like the setting is eating at the cyclist."	3
The features of the setting affect the cyclist in many different ways. The fact that he was in the California desert and the heat affected him because he had limited water and was using his energy riding the bike. The ÅgtownsÅh he came across also made an impact on him because of the fact that he couldnÅft get more water or a place to rest. ÅgI was doing a water depleating @NUM1 sometimes life can feel so cruelÅh. This shows how the hilly terrain and dehydration and heat are affecting the cyclist.	2
"The feature of the setting is making the cyclist frustrated, thirsty, and confused. The features are making him frustrated by he thought he was going the right way where he really was going out."	1
The main features of the setting that affected the cyclist are the fact that it was June and the dessert heat. ÅgÅc I could drop from heat stroke on a gorgeous day in JuneÅc.Åh (kurmaskie @NUM1). This helps us realize how bad the heat is in June in the middle of California dessert. This affected the cyclist by his dehydration and the fact that he was inthe middle of no where with no one to help him. This is how the month of June and the dessert heat affected the cyclist.	1
"The features of the setting had an affect on the cyclist. I know this because in the story the cyclist said that he was Åggoing to drop from heat exsostionÅh, he is riding through the desert in @DATE1, and he took directions from three old ÅggentlemenÅh sitting on a porch."	1
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways. For example, in Ågghost townsÅh, there is no-one to ask directions from or to just talk to. Also, some pumped water from water pumps tastes like Ågbattery acidÅh and could most likely make some one sick. Also, there are poisonous snakes and other dangerous animals."	1
"The features of this particular setting affected the cyclist in many different ways. Upon arriving at the Ågghost townÅh early in his journey, he felt slight amusement at the situation. But he soon became very troubled when he became aware of the several rusty pumps and a weak corral, next to a ramshackle shed. The cyclist additionally experienced a bit of irony as he approached the 55 mph speed limit sign complete with a warning to strictly obey it. On his bicycle, at a pace of 12 mph, he could not even reach the 55 mph speed if he had wanted to. Before he reached what appeared to be an abandoned welchÅfs Grape Juice factory, the cyclist felt this twisted amusement yet again, as he laughed. The text states, ÅgIt was a sad hopeless laugh, mind you, but at least I still had the energy to feel sorry for myself.Åh @CAPS1, his suffering was through when he discovered a Ågfish camp,Åh with a modern bathroom and working sinks. The cyclistÅfs relief was so immense that he,Åh had an overwhelming urge to seek out Gary and Wilber (the owners), (and) kiss them."	1
The features of the setting affect the cyclist because he went through many ups and downs. At one point flowed by blackish watter feeling somewhere in the neighbor of two hundred degrees.. weather wouldnÅft cool down.	1
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways. For example when the author says Ågflat roads were replace by short rolling hillsÅh, that made the author have to ride safer. Also, when he says,Åh the ridiculously large snake blocked the majority of the pavement.Åh The author had to slow down on his bike and find a safe way around it so he could get past. Finally when the author says Ågno one in sightÅh, no building, car, or structureÅh, he is affected because he canÅft ask questions since hes lost and hes thirsty. The setting makes it hard for the author to maneuver and get to where he wants to go."	2
"Many of the settings features affect the cyclist. One of the features of the dessert like, which is the setting, is the dry air and hot temperatures. This heat made it had for the cyclist to keep going, with despair the author says, ÅhI was going to die and the birds world pick me clean.Åh @CAPS1 feature of the setting was the desolet towns that didnÅft contain any water. This lack of the water made it horrible for him to continue on. The thirst was so bad that he had to put pebbles in his mouth to sucking on stones helps take your and off thirst by allowing what spit you have left to circulates. @CAPS1 features of the setting that affected the cyclist was the abandoned WelchÅfs Grape factory. This  factory gave the cyclist false hope because it would have been so great to have some grape juice during his thirst stricken state. The narrator called the factory.ÅhIronic  twist.Åh"	3
"The features of the setting taunt the cyclist with cruel irony. As the cyclist continues down his path he pasts through a ghost town, then twenty mile up the road he sees a ramshackle shed & some rusty water pumps. He attempts to get water out because he was runing out but all he could get was muck, then what he described as Ågwater feeling two-hundred degrees, it had the flavor of battery acid. Further down the road was a sign that said rough road ahead, adhere to the posted speed limit of 55, he was going 12 mph. Even worse he found an abandoned juice factory on the way, at that point he was out of water."	2
"The features of the setting affected the cyclist because it was a hot June day in a desert in California. For example, your in the desert cycling for many hours very hot and only have limited water. This affects the author because you have to conserve the water that you have to be able to make it to the park. Anothe example, is that you are going up and down rolling hills and you legs get very tired so they donÅft want to move any more. And the best example is the sun is beating down on you and your sweating so much and @MONTH1 be seeing thing but all you want to do is see something that has water. These are all things that affected the cyclist very much."	2
"Many features of the cyclistÅfs surroundings effect his speed and confidence. He was the only one on the road. There were no other cars, bikes, motor cycles, or even buildings. ItÅfs like heÅfs on the countryside. So that makes him want to go faster, because he wonÅft hit any thing. The fact that heÅfs alone in the wide, open spaces boosts up his energy level and makes him feel more confident."	1
"One main feature of the setting that affects the cyclist is the heat of the day. If you ride a bike in the heat of the day, you are going to use up a lot of water. Another factor is the limited supply of water. The final factor is the wrong directions from the aged men. Aged people arenÅft always wrong but their info. Can be out of date."	1
"In the essay, ÅgRough Road Ahead: Do not exceed Posted Speed LimitÅh, the features of the setting affect the cyclist. Firstly, the cyclist had been pedaling through the Åghigh deserts of CaliforniaÅh, making a hint that the temperature was hot and dry, and therefore he mustÅfve been getting thirsty regularly and exhausted from the sun beating down on him. Second, he began to ride through hills, and as common sense would be used, hills are much harder to ride on a bicycle especially up hill, and it wears you down. These hills, along with a lack of water mustÅfve tired him out and given him extreme difficulty to make it without much water. As you can tell, the difference in setting plays itÅfs crucial part on the cyclist and his precious water supply."	2
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist by travelling very far where he is going. For example, ""About forty miles into the pedal I arrived at the first town."" good thing that he is taking water or who knows if he would of survived or not. I think the biggest mistake was that he asked probaly someone that had not ever been on the road for directions. When he asked the person he ended up at a sign that said Rough road Ahead: Do not exceed, that was the moment I felt sorry for him, and that was probaly the effective feature that has happen to him."	2
"In the short story, ÅgRough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit,Åh the setting greatly affects the cyclist. For example. In the beginning of the story, the cyclist is eager to get to Yosemite National Park. He listens to the advice of, old-timers who havenÅft left the confines of their parches since carter was in office, Ågand quickly realized that he shouldnÅft have. The author describes the setting of the first ÅgtownÅh as, Ågthe traditional definition of a ghost town.Åh This didnÅft bother the cyclist as much as his next sight. ÅgOne ramshackle shed, several rusty pumps, and corral that couldnÅft hold in the largest mule.Åh Was what met him there. The cyclist said that Ågthis sight was troubling.Åh It is obvious that the cyclist has given up hope when he says, ÅgIt didnÅft really matter. I was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.Åh This short story shows how anything can get even the best of travellers worried about their survival."	2
"The features of the setting affected the cyclist, by putting him in unwanted places starting off with this man took advice from many older men, which donÅft even know the area anymore. So riding through this man seems lost, he is trying to follow their advice, but comes across many unknown, unwanted areas. He starts out good, then comes to a ÅgRough RoadÅh and he even says Ågsometimes life can feel so cruelÅh. Then he come to this large snake in the middle of the road scary enogth he has to slow ride past this thing taking up most of the road. Coming over these thing was very strong and hard of this young man."	3
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist because if they werenÅft hills and rough roads, he would of been able to get to yosemite park faster and he wouldnÅft of ran out of water."	1
"In the essay ÅgRough road ahead: do not exeed posted speed limit,Åh the author is continually depressed, by the features of the landscape he passes. At first he passes a ghost town, but because he has enough water, this sight doesnÅft bothe him. But the next thing he sees is a rundown old shed and a Ågrusted water pump,Åh and this troubles him because he is running out of water. Then he sees a huge snake which does not help his mood, because the snake is blocking his path then he passes an abandoned WelchÅfs Grape Juice factory and despairs that he will never find water. The setting its features serve to dissappoint depress the cyclist in his quest to find water."	3
"The features of the setting affects the cyclist in many ways. For example, the story said,""I gathered up a few pebbles and stock them in my mouth"" This quote explains that the setting was very and had pebbles. The setting benefiting him by taking the thrist off his mind. If their wasn't any pebbles by the cyclist he @MONTH1 not have made it. In cocnlusion in the story Do Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit the cyclist was benefited by the features of the setting."	1
"The setting in the story affects the main character greatly because of the heat. The main charater is biking throug a desert in the summer with little water. The heat of the setting provides a problem because the main character is at risk of dehydration and heatstroke. The main character knows that if he passes out in the barren desert he will sarley die. The main character says, ÅgThe growing realization that I could drop from heatstroke.Åh The main character is faced with a problem of man versus nature and the heat is winning. Heat and dehydration sap the main characters energy while he is biking through a desert, desperately trying to make it to the next town. In summary, the main characters biggest problem is the heat of the setting."	2
The features of the setting affect the cyclist because if the old men didnt give the boy advice then he probably wouldnt have run into all the trouble he ran into. At the same time the boy made his way to were he was going. Next time though he will just use his map so he dont have to go through the scare of death again.	1
"The features of the setting affected the cyclist in several ways. The first was the terrain, which started out flat, then turned to hills. The cyclist was growing tired from all the pedaling. ÅgFlat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.Åh This tired him out faster, since going uphill is harder than riding flat terrain. The heat definitely affected him, because it made him thirsty. He was Ågtravelling through the high deserts of California in June.Åh This is a very hot time of year, and when a person get lost without conserving water, which he had not done, a person get extremely thirsty. Not to mention the Ågsandblasted picture of a young boy pourng a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth,Åh which would remind the body of its thirst. So the setting most definitely affected the cyclist"	3
"In the essay ÅgDo Not @CAPS1 Posted Speed LimitÅh the setting effects the cyclist in many ways. When the cyclist arrived at the first town, he described it as a ghost town. This effected the cyclist because he started to have doubts about the directions he received, but he was looking foward to the cool pines and rushing rivers of Yosemite so he persevered. The setting of the next land mark was similar to the last. There was a shed, a few rusty pipes and a corral that ""CouldnÅft hold in the lamest mule.Åh This made the cyclist more werry of the path ahead because he was running out of water. The next place was also similar. There was an abandoned @ORGANIZATION1. The cyclist was running out of water and now thought he was going to die because everything was deserted. Then, finally, the setting changed. There was a store that was actually opened. The cyclist then felt happy and relieved. That is how the different settings effected the cyclist."	3
The settings in this article effect the cyclist by having to bike a lot of miles to get to the next town. The cyclist has limited amount of water and its very hot out. Theres nothing insight for miles and miles.	1
The cyclist was affected by long hours of riding the bike into the areas where he never been.	1
"Setting plays a crucial part in the cyclistÅfs mood and energy. For example, in a cool @DATE1 day riding gently downhill, the rider is happy and energetic. However, Ågtraveling through the high deserts of California in June is not the best environment for laughs and ease. The cyclist in the story was hot exhausted, and hydrated. He thought, ÅgI was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.Åh Where the cyclist rides can have a huge effect on the cyclist himself."	2
"The setting of this story plays a huge part in the final outcome. The author makes a mention that he is travelling through the high deserts of California in June. This sentence alone tells the reader that it is hot. And not hot by @LOCATION2 standards, where it gets to @NUM1 degrees, maybe, by noon. That means that the day starts at @NUM2. By noon, it's past @NUM3. Also, the author comes to a sign marked ""Rough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit.Åh @CAPS1 he makes note that heÅfs only going 12 mph. Before he reaches any sort of civilization, he has already drunken most of his water, his last ""tentalizing sips,"" This is his main problem, his lack of water. He drank most of it in the beginning of his ride, thinking heÅfd be okay, but he regretted it later on"	2
"The feature of the cyclist was very good Ågit erodding to who he say in paragraph @NUM1 @CAPS1Åh. I would describe it as a fun. It also looks this time was one of his bes time. Here are some examples he is happy, competive, and thin is full. IÅfm going to explain my examples. First, he looks hoppy becaus in the story he said Ågthe morning with strong legs and smile on my face. the phase can to you how hoppy he felt. My second example was competive, he seems like a competive person, bcouse he is very heathy and lead to to take a ride from the bike. My third example is the way he is becasse he soid ""As easily as sounding  bond, my trouble, thirst and fears were all behind me the part made me feel.  "	2
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways. The cyclist was on a very long bike ride to Yosemite National Park. However, on the way there, he had to cross through a desert like terrain. The blistering sun had been beating on his back for many miles. All the heat built up a desire for him to get water. He had been very tired. The terrain had made him drenched in sweat. If it wasnÅft so hot, then he wouldnÅft of had that much of a hard time. The desert contains a very high temperature, which makes it harder to endure physical activities. Even if you are to have a high endurance. The heat will make you very tired, and you will lose a lot of energy. Also, it didnÅft help anything, that the elderly men, had gave him terrible directions. That is why I think the setting affected the cyclist."	3
The setting affected the cyclist because of the bad condition roads. The was also hills so they made it harder for the cyclists.	1
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist because if is very hot and is summertime. The cyclist wouldnÅft have gotten so tired and exhausted if he wasnÅft in a Ågghost townÅh, with the, Ågsun beggining to beat downÅh. It was in @CAPS1 for nia during June so it was. Very hot, the water was also @NUM1 degrees! The text as states there were rolling hills and tumble weeds, so it must have been a desert kind of area. The trip was also a very long one, Ågabout forty miles into the petalÅh, causing him to be tired. As you can see the setting was an area with no people, and it was very hot."	2
"The setting of the story affected the cyclist because it kept him going because he was all alone and had no help. First, just the fact that he was by himself kept his determination high. If he would have had a partner they could have stopped and took a break or shared the water. Next, the fact that there were no buildings, houses or anything in sight affected him.  He got a bolt of strength just from seeing a building ahead. If there had been building he could have stopped and asked for more water and rested. The fact that he was in a desert in California in the middle of June really affected him. He had no determination there because there was nothing he could do to better the situation in his cause. He even at one point felt that he might die. In conclusion the setting really affected the cyclist because it determined his endurance and will power."	2
The features of the setting affected the cyclist by making his way to the Yosemite National Park a longer and more difficult and dangerous way to go. He takes the awee of going that way by some old folks that he says ÅghavenÅft gotten off there porches since carter was in office.Åh I think tha tthere would be a reason to not listen to them though they @MONTH1 have wisdom.	1
"The setting affects the cyclist because he is faced with roadways he is unsure of the weather is hot and dry and there are wild animals. The text states,"	2
"One ramsackle shed, several rusty pumps, and a corral that couldnÅft hold in the lamest mule greeted me. This sight was troubled. There was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind. With any luck, IÅfd hit a bump and lodge one in my throat. Rough road ahead if he didnÅft take the old mans advice, he would have enjoyed his bike ride he needed a new map."	3
The features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him dehydrated and hot. He was in deserts on a bicycle with his water support running low and rough road with plenty of hills to make it hard for a bike to out come. he kept going though the heat was outrageous and dehydration beginning to overcome him.	2
"The features of the barren desert path make the cyclist quite nervous, but they also make him determined to escape them. He passes Ågghost towns,Åh Ågabandoned buildings,Åh and diamondback snakes. These are images traditionally associated with being lost in the deserts, and would be enough to instill fear in most anyone travelling alone. The author even remarks that sadists are probably finding his story pleasing. He often mentions fears of ÅgdroppingÅh dead, being eaten by vultures, and, at one point, even wishing death upon himself via choking albeit jokingly. And yet he was determined to live. In spite of the odds stacked against him, he moved on, even after losing Ågwhat (he) believed to be (his) lost burst energy."" He even maintains a sense of humor throughout, writing of a diary entry that would be left behind that remarks on the wisdom of old men. In the end, when he finds a place to rest, he turns it all into a lesson heÅfll surely abide by: follow the map!"	3
The features in the setting affected the cyclist when he got tired very easily because he was biking in the desert in June. There are no rivers in the that desert so he couldnÅft get water. It is so hot out there that he couldnÅft see very well because of all the sweat that went into his eyes. Also there are no people out there because of how hot it is.	1
"The cyclist ran into many issues in his/her travel to @LOCATION1. They had to dismiss many hardships such as lack of water, being lost, immense desert heat, plus minor things like snakes and road conditions. The setting of the California desert in June was the most intense hardship. That and the lack of water. Though the heat starting powing at the cyclistsÅf brain by making them see mirages, etc. The heat and entire setting made the cyclistsÅf travel much harder."	2
The settings of the story is very desert like what I mean by that is its the desert and its hot and he really had to push his self to make it. The condition at the rode are very rough and has a lotof shape turn it in. Apart in the story he gets a boost of energy and pedal as hard as he can down a hill and then relaxes. This is the setting and is summary of the story.	0
"Alot of factors effected the cyclist. Temperature, terrain, directions all gave the cyclist doubt. The temperature through the high deserts of california left the cyclist feeling hot, parched and irratable. Through the story, he had all but a few slips of his water left. Knowing your running low of water Ågto feel sorry for himselfÅh The cyclist had biked so far the terrain started to change from flat to Ågrolling hillsÅh. This could impact someone greatly who has never biked on different levals before. Lastly, the feeling of hoped could have effected him the most. Not believing in yourself is the hardest thing to overcome. Having just liesurly taken instructions by an old man cost the cyclist hours of torture. The author did a great job using hyperbole to exagerate the cyclists feeling of lost hope . He also used very detailed text to paint the reader a picture. These literay elements made it easier for me to understand the effect of the temp, terrain and hope had on the biclist."	3
The setting of the cyclistÅfs journey effected him because if he was a tot desert in california. This effected him because he had to ride a bike throug it and he heat took a lot out of him. He didnÅft have a lot of water because there were no rivers or water supply because of the desert surrounding him. At the end he finds a store which affects him because he gets a cool drink and same supplies which helped him. So in the end his surroundings destroyed him and then relieved him.	2
"In the essay ÅgRough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit,Åh the features of the setting affects the cyclist in many ways. First of all as he was riding about @NUM1 miles up the road, he saw that the terrain was changing and that scared him, he says ÅgThis sight was troubling. I had been hitting my water bottles pretty regularly Åg(kurmaskie @NUM2). He is saying that as the things around him began to change the more he got scared. And he kept drinking a lot of water just to bring down his fear. Another example is after he had left the sign that told him not to pass. He says ÅgFlat road was replaced by short, rolling hills"" (kurmaskie @NUM3). This is also an example of fear that started over coming him, when he saw even more changes. He wasnÅft going to stop because of the road changes and the fact that his water was almost gone he still had the courage to go further. The setting brought him fear but he made it through."	3
"The features in the story tell me that it was in a very dry, not populated area. It says that there were rolling hills, in a desert of California, and that it was dry. I think those things affected the cyclist by dehydrating him. Going up and down hills can be very tiring, especially when you donÅft have a lot of water left, and need to save some. The quote ÅgI had been hitting my water bottles pretty regularly, and I was traveling through the high deserts of California in June,Åh tells me a lot about the story. In a desert in California in June during the summer is a very brave and stupid thing to do. It s twice as hot during the summer."	2
"There are several features of the setting which affect the cyclist one is the fact that he is traveling on a hot day in June. Ågand the growing realization that I could drop from heatstroke on a gorgeous day in June.Åh The heat was getting to the cyclist and he was scared he might get heatstroke. The terrain was also not very ideal for a cyclist on a hot @DATE1. ÅgI noticed the terrain changing. Flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.Åh The cyclist was tired and the hills were making it worse. ÅgThe water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.Åh The cyclist was running out of water quickly and there was nowhere close to get more. These glitches in the setting affected the cyclist because it was extremely hot, he was running out of water and there was rough terrain. The setting was not in the cyclist's favor."	3
"There are several features of the setting that greatly affect the cyclist. One feature is the desert he is biking through. The heat of a desert in June can easily dehydrate someone. When exposed for a long time, exercising, and running out of water, the effect is even greater. In addition, the change in terrain and road surface would have an effect on the cyclist. Traveling on a flat road requires much less effort then climbing hills. If the road is also rough, the biker has to work even harder to push the up the hill. There is also the mental effort of not tipping the bike on the uneven surface. Finally, there are not any buildings in sight. When someone is dehydrated but has no water, they are desperate to find some. However, if there is nothing they know of nearby, they will start to lose hope. Once they lose hope they wonÅft try as hard to keep going and they will lose some of their strength. Considering all of the things negatively affecting the cyclist, it is amazing that he managed to push through and reach a source of water. "	3
The setting features affected the cyclist because it was a conflict. It was a conflict because it was hot and he was lost. I was a confict that he was hot because he had a limited amount of water. Which he could get anymoe of because he was lost. The heat causes people to get thirsty but he couldn't because he was limited in water.Another conflict was that he was lost. This was a conflict that because he needed to be some where.	1
"In the essay ÅgRough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Posted Speed LimitÅh, there were many features of the setting that affected the cyclcist. The first feature that affected the cyclist was the desert terain, it very hot and there were no trees to provide shade. This affected the cyclist because he got very hot and thirsty. So he drank more water than usual. Secondly, he was running out of water because he was drinking more than usual so he had to conserve his water, which was making him became dehydrated. That all the towns we past through were ghost towns with no running fresh water, so this extremely dissapointed him, it also furthered his dehydration. Just when the cyclist was losing hope he found a small bait shop and got into the shade and finnaly got water to drink. So after all those dissapointments he found hope, in the small bait shop, which gave him the strength and mental boost to continue on with his journey to Yosemite national park."	3
There are many ways that a cyclist will be affected and one of these are the setting. The setting affects them because if it is short smooth setting the ride will be easy. But if it is long bumpy rough roads it will be harder to control the bike which means that the cyclistÅfs job will be harden this is how a cyclist is affected by his or her settings.	1
"The features of the setting do affect the cyclist. If the road is rough you have to have the right bike. Then if you get a flat tire you have to know to look out for dangerous and posionous things. If you were in a real bad accident youÅfd have to be prepared just in case they donÅft find you in time. You would have to know what nights were like. For example, if it got real cold at night you need to keep youself warm."	1
"During the cyclist journey in ÅgRough Road AheadÅh by joe Kurmaskie he expierences setting changes such as the road being flat then going to short rolling hills. When hes wrideing he says the road is flat. ÅgFlat road was replaced"" This tells us the road he was on was nice and flat. Then as hes rideing he notice the land change.Åh Flat road was replaced by, short rolling hills.Åh this tells us that the cyclist will have more trouble sence the terrain changed. ThatÅfs how the land changes  "	1
"In the story the features of the setting affect the cyclist. The setting is described as a rough terrain, which makes it harder for the cyclist to travel. Also itÅfs hot, and there are no buildings or people around. This also makes it hard for the cyclist because he runs out of water. throught the story the cyclist keeps going and ends up sarving"	1
"In the passage ÅgDo not exceed posted speed limit,Åh there are many features from the setting that affected the cyclist. One feature that affected the cyclist was the snake he encountered on his way, for example in the text it says ÅgAt some point, tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snakeÅh, ÅgI cased post, tyring to keep my balance in my dehydrated stateÅh This proves that the snake was a feature that affected the cyclist by giving him a point to stay calm even in the state he was in being dehydrated and all the affects he encountered from that."	1
"In the short story ÅgDo not exeed the speed limitÅh by Joe Kurmaskie, the setting has great impact on the cyclist. In the begining of the story he describes the scenery as ""@CAPS1"". As he continued following the old mens out dated advice. It lead  him through more barren lands. When he came to the first ""town"" he described it as a ghost town. The second setting he arrived at was ÅgOne romshackle shed, several rusty pumps, and a corral that couldnt hold in the lamest muicÅh he continued moving to the next town, which was @NUM1 away, he came to what he thought was a Welch's Grape juice factory and bootling plant. This tools a toll on his confidence because he said ""I hung my head"" he moved on and had finally arrived at un abandoned buiding called ""@PERSON2 and wilbersÅfs fish camp. ""This is where he drunk water and became repleshed. The setting had a great effect on the cyclist. Because depending on the location, decided weather he would live or die in the hot deserts of California."	2
"THE FEATURES OF THE SETTING AFFECT THE CYCLIST BY DEPLETING HIS WATER SUPPLY, AND ALMOST GIVING HIM HEAT EXHAUSTION. IN THE TEXT, HE SAYS: THE WATER BOTTLES CONTAINED ONLY A FEW TANTALIZING SIPS.Åh THIS HOTNES HE HAS LITTLE WATER LEFT FOR SURVIVAL UNTIL HE RUNS OUT."	1
"The hot sun and the desert features in the setting are affect the cyclist in ways that could potentially stop him from making it to his destination. The sun is beating down on him and is making it harder for him to reach his destination. ÅgThe sun was begining to beat down...wide rings of dried sweat circled my shirt.Åh By him being so hot and tired fromthe sun, he thought that he would die from dehydration. This would very likely stop him from making it to his destination, Yosemite. His lack of water supply didnÅft help the situation either because he could only go @NUM1, was Ågwater depleting @NUM2.Åh"	2
The features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him ???  are ??? like when he rood through that ghost town. The setting is a big part of this story thats all that talk about. And when hes getting water or how the tumbleweeds are crossing the road. He was all ways thirsty and rode his bike along ways and is no paint in ??? ??? ???.	2
"The features in the setting affect cyclist in many ways. One of which is bring only to carry so much equipment which @MONTH1 be needed. For example, you can only take so much water with you and once you run out of there are no buildings or anything around that you are out of luck. Also, you can only take so much food. Finally, when you are ready to go to sleep you canÅft just pull over you have to ride until you find a hotel or get home. I know that I would not make it. So those are just a few reasons on why the setting affects cyclist."	1
"The features of the setting do indeed affect the cyclist. First in the story when describing the setting it says Ågthere was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.Åh @CAPS1 basically giving a hint or foreshadow that something bad is going to happen because hes alone. Another description of the setting when it affects the cyclist when it says ÅgRough Road Ahead; Do Not Exceed Posted Speed LimitÅh @CAPS1 pretty much saying danger ahead, something bad will happen."	1
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways. First of all he is in the middle of no where, and he doesnÅft know the direction of where he is going, and he also doesnÅft know the people who live there. The other thing is that he doesnÅft have a food, or a drink, so without eating or drinking he canÅft get energy, so he canÅft ride the bike."	1
The cyclist does most really like the setting of the road. ItÅfs messing up big time	0
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist because his body has a hard time adjusting to his life threating situation. The neat and desert atmosphere are draining his body of water, @CAPS1 he needs to keep pedaling on. Also, the terrain is stripped of water, so he doesn't have anything to refuel with. "	1
"In the essay the features of the setting affected the cyclist. The cyclist used words to discribe the setting like Ågflat roadÅh and Ågshort, rolling hillsÅh, There were also more example. The way the cyclist discribed the setting gave the reader a visual picture. I think the cyclist was affected by the setting."	1
"The cyclist was exhausted as he was going up hill. The setting of story affects the cyclist alot. This is because in California it is really good to be cycling. The weather is warm and perfect for a town. It had one ramshackle shed, several rusty pumps and a coral that could not hold in the lamest mule greeted him.Besides that, after riding twenty miles ahead, there was a terrain changing. Flat road was replaced by short rolling hills. After he crested the first few of these, a large highway sign jumped out at him. The rough road was the time where he had to be really careful and not to exceed the speed limit."	2
"Many things that the author talks about in the story affect him: One example in the oldmen that give him advice. They tell him that they know a great shortcut which turns into the authors hardest ride ever. Another example is: the heat, the location, time of day, and time of the year. In California, in @DATE1 in the dessert will give you lots of heat. In order to beat this heat you need lots of water which is one of his biggest problems. He runs out of water. Another hindering thing he discovers is the abandoned welches grape juice building where he sees a picture of a boy drinking a refreshing glass of grape juice. All these combined gave the author a hard time but in the end he found a bait and tackle shop where he was saved"	2
"In the towns that the cyclist arrived at were all ghost towns. In the text, the author said, Ågit fit the traditional definition of a ghost town.Åh It affected the cyclist because, with the towns being deserted, the cyclist couldnÅft refill hi water."	1
"The features of the setting have affected the cyclist in ÅgDo not exceed posted speed limit"" greatly, first he statrs off happy because heÅfs going to Yosemite national park and heÅfd gotten short cut advice that would make his trip shorter. ""He rode into the morning with strong legs,Åh Then he got to the first stop. It looked like a buzzing town at one time, but now a ghost town. So he kept on with plenty of water and thought he could make it to the next stop. The next stop was an old abandoned gas station where the only water was @NUM1. He was hitting the water pretty regular and the hot sun was beating down on him. The next terrain changed he thought he would die & have the vultures pick his bones because he took advice from old timers, then became to his next stop which seemed to be an old welchÅfs grape juice factory. He thought he would die of thirst but he kept on with little water a hot sun. next the hills came & he paced himself a little time, then he finally came to a modern looking place with cool running water with an old man who gave him directions that he gladly took. After that he been through asuring himself he would die he was relieved to see the old manÅfs there he would forever on listen to their advice because he made it."	1
"The setting which is a desert in the summer affects the cyclist. For example, she caldnÅft go as fast, ÅgThe speed limit was 55 mph. I was doing a water-depleting 12 mph,Åh so that affected his ability to find water. The setting was also really hot, so the cyclist had a hard time getting the water he needed to keep going. For example, ÅgI pumped that handle for several minutes, but the water wouldnÅft cool down.Åh @CAPS1 how the setting has got on to him, and he needs water badly. The desert setting also affects the cyclist mind. He believed he was seeing mirages and he was afraid he was going to swallow a stone because he might hit a bump. The desert setting affects the cyclist ability to function.  "	2
"The setting of the cyclist clearly influences his mood. From the beginning to end, the outside world reflects the tormils in his head. This is evident in the beginning reservoir, empty desert, hills the Welch factory, & finally the fish camp. The reservoir is a heven, @NUM1 safe ground that contains everything the men needs. He is feeling optimistic, ready & eager to follow advice of old men. He first hits a ghost town, which is foreshadowing a dangerous future. He passes through still with a level head. He comes to a water pump that gives him battery acid. This is wher the mood shifts. He suddenly describes his setting as Ågthe high deserts of California.Åh The sun is boiling down & water is running low. His hopes start to drop. When the Ågflat road was replaced by short, rolling hills,Åh it reflects the turmoil in his head. The terrain is harder the chances of his survival lessons. When he crosses a snake, it suggest even more despair. It finally climaxes at the Welch factory. How ironic, it is an abandoned juice factory. This is lost hope. When he finally arrives at the fish camp, he is relieved to be alive & is uplifted. The cyclist has made it. It is clear the setting has affected the cyclist."	3
Well the setting was the lil boy was on the bike and he meets this old man and the man toke him a short cut. So he took dis road and I guess something went wrong.	1
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist in a few ways. Early in the essay, the syclist states he Ågenjoyed the serenity of an early-summer evening and some lively conversation with these old codgers.Åh The cyclist was enjoying himself and the  atmosphere, but then the mood changed quickly to doubt when he didn't listen to the Ågcollection of old-timers who havent left the confines of their porches since Carter was in officeÅg and his depleting water source quickly became a cause for concern. Doubt was soon followed by @CAPS1 when he saw the sign for Gary and WilberÅfs Fish camp and was able to get a drink from the bathroom foucets @CAPS1 was then followed by satisfaction when he Ågpromised himself right then that he'd always stick to [the very good map] in the future.   "	3
"The cyclist is most affected by e heat. He is exerting all his energy and will to get to Yosemite. The hot sun and lack of water makes him very tired and causes him to use his energy inefficiently. At one point, he has to make sure the building is a mirage. It is so hot his mind could be playing tricks on him."	1
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist by getting dehydrated, getting tired, and by getting lost. After the cyclist was on the road for a while he had drank almost all of his water, but he still had a while to go before he got to his destination. He was going to try to find some where to stop so he could pick up more water but there was nothing around. He also got tired because he was out in the sun, had barley any water, and he didnÅft know where he was going. One last example was that he was lost. There were no cars, buildings, or people. So if he were to get hurt or sick no one would have been able to help him. In conclusion, being dehydrated, tired and getting lost were the features of the setting affect the cyclist had."	2
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist because he is in a dessert like place with a water surfage and he could hard tired. I would never have asked old people, he should have ask someone that was in charge of a store, because those people get asked many times. also he could have died if that snake got him or from what he said Ågheatroke.Åh"	1
"I work better when I can feel the  environment.  I think  the some goes  for  cycling  in  the  mountain , fresh air and no worries  on  you  mind them  cycling can become fun like the climates into the easy he even the fresh air,  the fine trees and the environment  makes him feel  better  so for cyclist environment plays a vital role."	1
"The setting in the essay ""Do Not Exceed Posted Speed LimitÅh was very hot in dry, very little shade or moisture, at some point maybe even none at all. This whether affected the author because he had no water at all so he was getting more dehydrated the further he went."	1
"There were many features of the setting that affeced the cyclist. One page @NUM1 paragraph @NUM2 there is a sign that states rough road a head. One page @NUM1 paragraph @NUM4 it says ""over the long onpiling hill.Åh He also the tempature as started on page @NUM5 and at the top of page @NUM1 paragraph @NUM7 Åg l was travling in hing desertd of california in June. These conditions of the setting all effect the cyclist."	1
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist  greatly. The features is old abandon towns and hot temperatures. Also abandoned buildings. This makes the cyclist think All hope is lost. The essay says this ÅgOver one long crippling hill, a bulding came into view [...] I hung my head that smoky blues tune ""summertime rattle around."" Then to a happy mo In an ironic twist that should please all sadist reading this, the building [...] by the looks  afit had been a welchÅfs  grape Juice factory and bottling plant [...] I hung my head that smoky bluees tune sumertime rattle around.Åh Then to a happy mood it states ÅgAs I stumbled into a ra ther modern bathroom and drank deeply from the sink, i had a overwhelming  urge to seek out Gary and Wilber, kiss them.""  "	2
Because the setting of the cyclist ride is dry desert it makes the cyclist seem more and more determined. He's is going against the odds so it seems like hes pushing himself to the limit. Against the heat and the long road he's on and having no water all seems lost for the cyclist. But in the end he pulls himself together and makes it happen for himself and triumphs over adversity.	1
"The features of the setting affected the cyclist in this story alot. Having unreliable directions, barely enough water for the journey, poor road conditions and other hazards like the heat and animals made this a very difficult journey for the cyclist. Starting the journey the cyclist recieved bad information on how to get to his destonation which lead him on a long hard journey with not much water. He says in the story ÅgThe speed limit was @NUM1. I was doing a water-depleting @NUM2Åh. This means he was running out of water too fast for the amount of land he was covering. Another feature of the netting that affected him was that the road conditions got worse and worse untill he reached a high way late in his journey. He said Ågflat road was replaced by short rolling hills."" This means the faster, easy, to ride terrain was replaced by slower harder to ride on terrain. These features of the setting could have been very dangerous and maybe factal and affected the cyclist alot living this story. "	3
"In the setting of the essay; ""Rough Road Ahead: Do not Exceed Posted Speed Limit."" had a great affect on the cyclist. It made him even more determined to finish because the terrain was so hard to ride through. For example, ""At some point, tumber weeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake-it really did look like a diamond back-back the majority of the pavement in front of me, I eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state. ""The author fully explains how no matter how bad the obstacles are he comes across he keeps trying to easy on by. The terrain affect the character by keeping him determined. This happens to many people in their sports. For example in football they take any problems and use them as reasons to push themselves harder to finish the game. "	1
The features of the setting affect the cyclist by old people changing the definition of adonÅft talk to strangers. The main character	1
"The features of the setting in ÅgDo Not @CAPS1 Posted Speed LimitÅh affected the cyclist. The text states, ""Flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills,"" (Kurmaskie @NUM1). The flat road that was easy to bike on had changed to many hills that made the cyclist's job alot harder. The biker was negatively affected by this setting because it contributed to his rough times and caused him to lose hope."	2
"In the essay ÅgRough Road Ahead: Do Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit,Åh a cyclist was trying to get to Yosemite National Park. He followed the Åeshort cutÅf that some old men gave him, instead of taking the longer route. These old men had no clue what they were realy talking about, so the cyclist ended up taking a path through more obstacles. When the cyclist was in need of more water he ran into ""several rusty pumps."" No water would come out of these pumps so he had no choice but to keep going @CAPS1 water. As he moved forwad in his travels he said that the ÅgFlat roads were replaced by short, rolling hills.Åh @CAPS1 any water, he did not have much strength left to face rolling hills, but he had no choice. The cyclist had to go on for miles @CAPS1 seeing anyone or anything. ÅgThere was noone in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind."" His troubles finally came to an end after getting directions from another man at a fish camp."	2
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways. One feature of the setting was the heat. It affected him by getting him dehydrated. For example the text states,ÅgThe water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips I could drop from a heatstroke Åh This meant the heat was getting to him."	1
"The features of the environmental setting is affecting the cyclist. A setting is a certain time and place an event is taking place along with the setting their are features, which is the background description basically giving away additional information about the subject or idea. The features along with the setting are intefering with the cyclist by the hot temperature in Lodi, California making the cyclist or biker hotter than usualier as he heads in the wrong direction closer and nearer to the hot blazen scroaching desert. In addition to this he is running out of water and is beginning to get more and more exhausted from the heat plus he is starting to lose consciousness along with getting dehydrated. This is a major problem for the character because he is losing his sense of direction and because of this he is getting more panickly as his supply of water is running extremely low. A instance of the environmental setting affecting the cyclist is ÅgI eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state. The water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips. Wide rings of dried sweet circled my skirt, and the growing realization that I could drop from heartstroke on a gorgeous in June ""(Joe Kurmaskie, @NUM1)."" @CAPS1 example is ÅgThis sight was troubling. I had been hitting my water bottles pretty regularly and I was travelling through the high deserts of California in June Åg(Joe Kurmaskie, @NUM2)Åh. The hotness and heat had also increased the characterÅfs confidence in himself as he was getting more and more panickly. A instance of this is ÅgI began breaking the ride down into distances. I could see on the horizon, telling myself that if I could make it this far, IÅfd be fine Åg(Joe Kurmaskie, @NUM1). In conclusion, the hot setting in California had affected the cyclist in a number of ways it had exhasted his water supply and this caused him to become exhausted, dehydrated, and making him lose his logically sense to make decisions however his loss of sense of direction also gave him more self confidence as he stirved to the roads and serves town that was about twenty miles away in order to get water so that he @MONTH1 survive."	3
"In ÅeDo Not Exceed Posted Speed Limit,Åh a cyclist follows some bad advice, which leads him on a tough ride through the desert with little water. The setting has a large effect on the cyclist because it causes him to be dehydrated, which presents the main conflict of the story. ÅgThe water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips,Åh the author states when his fresh water supply begins to run out. Another factor the setting presents to the cyclist is the extreme heat of the California desert. This adds to the cyclist thirst and dehydration. The reader can tell it is unpleasantly hot when reading, Ågwide rings of dried sweat circled my shirtÅc, that I could drop from heatstroke on a gorgeous day in JuneÅcÅh The rough roads and challenging terrain also present a challenge to the cyclist that slows his advance to Yosemite."	2
"The features of the setting dramatically affected the cyclist. He started out in a confident mood, until he arrived at a town that was deserted. His confidence was still pretty high but not like it was prior to coming upon the ghost town. Twenty miles up the road after that, he came to a fork in the road which contained a ramshackle shed rusty, unclean pumps, and a small corral. The desert was hot and his lack of water was dehydrating him. Paragraph @NUM1 states, ÅgThis sight was troublingÅcI had been hitting my water bottles regularly, and was traveling through the high deserts in California.Åh With little water and a short energy supply he was getting tired and dehydrated quickly. The land started turning into rolling hills and caused him to become even more exhausted. His mood had gone from confident to hopeless. He even planned on changing a diary entry in case he died of heatstroke. The features obviously greatly affected the mood of the cyclist. Sometimes disappointment can come from taking the so-called Ågeasy way out.Åh "	1
One feature that effected the cyclist was the rolling hills. The  Ågtext states Åg two miles into the section... I noticed  the terrain changingÅc	1
"The features of the setting affects the cyclist by him dehydrating and running out of time and energy. ÅhI eased past trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated stateÅh This quote proves the dehydration of the rider. ÅgThe glowing realization that I could die from a heat stroke,Åh this quote proves the time and energy of the rider is running out. These ideas and quotes show the features of the setting of the cyclist."	2
"In the essay by Joe Kurmaskie many obstacles are caused from the diffrent settings. For example, the hot temperature caused the character to get dehydrated. He recalled Åg I eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state. Åh This caused the loss of determination, which led to him lossing his consciousness. The hills he had to cycle also effected him. They caused him to become tired and weak and to lose his determination, as well. Just like the temperature problem, the loss of determination could eventually  make him lose consciousness. He said Åg if it looked like i was going to lose consciousness for the last time.Åh  "	2
"The features of the setting affected the cyclist. The dry desert affected the cyclist because these was no water and the cyclist was dehydrated. The strong heat, because the cyclist could bare had a heat stroke. The animals because the snake could have killed the cyclist and these was no one in miles to help. In the story it says, ÅgThese was no one in sight, not a bulling, car or structure of any kind,Åh If the cyclist had needed help then the  cyclist could most likely have died. if I was the cyclist, I probably would have given up by then but IÅfm glad the cyclist didn`t. The features of the setting affected the cyclist because of the many things that could make happened to him."	2
"The features of the setting affect the cyclist because he thinks after a nice afternoon in a nice campground a shortcut to his next destination would be very nice. He thinks the shortcut will be a nice way to relax than to take the original longer way to Yosemite. But the trip he makes changes his mind a lot. In the essay the narrator is talking about what the old guys had told him. He says, ÅgThe old guys had sworn the next town only eighteen miles down the road. I could make that. I would conserve my waterÅcÅh He did conserve his water but the town was very old and didnÅft have any water for him to drink. So throughout the essay the narrator went without water until he got to a factory, got some water to drink, and got new directions. The trip was very different from what he had expected. It was more depressing."	3
"In the story ÅgDo not exceed posted speedÅh by @PERSON1, the cyclist faces problems caused by the setting. The biker was riding and the heat was scourching and the biker was really getting dehydrated and tired and he was running out of water. Because it was so hot the biker had to drink more water to replenish his body of all the sweat he was loosing while biking. The hills of the terrain were making it harder on the biker by making him us more energy and liquid to keep going. If it had been cool and breezy he would have had no problem making that distance. If the surrounding area was full of people and not abandoned towns than he would have had water to drink."	1
"The young cycolist began his day confident in looking forward to his day of riding across california, slowly, however as he recognizes his been directed wrongly, his mood changes,& he begins to feel more hopless. AS he begins, he feels carefree & mody for anything. He writes ""I checked, checked my water supply & moved on. The sun was beginning to heat down, not I barely noticed it. The surroundings have little effect on him. Later, on he realizes his water was going down, & he is getting tired, his mood changed to exhaustion & defect. Here he writes Ågi got back on the bike, but not before I gathered up a few pebbles & stuch them in my mouth with any luck IÅfd hit a bump of lodge one in my throat.Åh He has become sarcastic of saddened by the hoplessness of his journey. Eventually, he had relief of the cold water helps to bring up his spirits & sense of humor"	3
The features of the setting affect the cyclist because he is riding through the desert in the middle of June yet he has very little water. This affects him because he is thirsty but he doesnÅft have a lot of water to drink and he is in a desert in the middle of June which makes it very hot. Also in the story it says he comes to WelchÅfs Grape Juice Factory were on the side of the building he see picture of a Ågyoung boy pouring a refreshing a loss of juice into his mouthÅh This make the cyclist even thirstier but he continues one to find water at a bait shop.	1
