"I going to write about a time when I went to the @ORGANIZATION1 fair, we had fun, we saw a ride we wanted to get on, so we got in line. Suddenly, we noticed that we were at the end of the line. So my mother said.Åh @CAPS1 get on another ride thenÅh. We already tried the other rides,Åh my father said. So we stayed at the end of the line until it was our turn, and said that was the last ride, soon there were people behind us complaining, their younger children was getting mad, and parents was hollering. We just stood there, and kept being patient. That didnÅft desterb us. since we were raised to be patient, and wait our turn at things. I feel being patient is very important, because if you act up in line, you might make people think theyÅfre holding you up, but itÅfs the line moving slow. Advice: when you are waiting at the end of the line, donÅft shout, scream, holler, or yell at anyone, it only creates trouble. Just donÅft think about all of the people ahead of you, talk to someone, just take your mind off of it for a while, then youÅfll notice, the line is moving quicker than you expected. P.S. We enjoyed the ride."	17
"One day, my soccer team was in the chamionchip game in we facing the lions. At the start of the game I was on the bench I was the worst on my team. After the @DATE1 we were up @NUM1 but my coach still put me on the bench and I just sat there and cheered for my. The next to quarters went by and it was tie game @NUM2. Half way through the @DATE2 are star player got hurt so coach put me in. I had no due what do I was just chassing the ball. With one minute left I was standing by their goalie and one of my team mates shot the ball zinged through the air and hit me in the foot. The ball redirected into the goal my team started to cheer we were up @NUM3. After the @DATE2 minute was done and horned went off and every one cheered again and lifted me up. ThatÅfs how patience helped me."	14
Being patient? Being patient is very hard for me because I am bipolar and I have savere anger issues. My experience with being patient is when I lived with my foster family!!! They had grandkids that really annoyed me!!! My foster family had a different religion than me I am atheist. They are @CAPS1 and they would constantly tell me I am wrong!!! It made me very upset but I didnÅft say nothing because I was being patient. And I hate it. With my anger problems im very surprised I didnÅft go off on them? But yes patience does take practice lots and lots of practice. Because not everyone in this world is patient!!! Tolerance twords childrenÅc I donÅft like kids to much but where I wed to live there were tons of little kids that were the grand kids of my foster family and I sued those kids are annoying but I had to tolerate them. Kids are very hard to tolerate and so are Ågguardian parentsÅh they are the worst they tell you what to do and they aint even youre parents but I tolerated it.	16
"One in a land called @CAPS1 bokane there was a young named  @PERSON2. In the land of @CAPS2, all the people lived off the land. They believed that everything had a spirit, and when you died the spirit of judging decides what you will be in the next life. To the people of @CAPS2 honor was everythbing, and no person valued @CAPS6 more than the hunter @PERSON2. One day @PERSON2 and his friend @PERSON1 went into the sacred forest to hunt danes, a deer-like animal.  As they approached the hunting grounds, both men nocked their bows, and shimied up the trunk of an ancient oak. Both @PERSON2 and @PERSON1 waited for several hours before seeing a dane , and when they did, @PERSON1 had no arrow ready,@CAPS4 of this @PERSON2 got to kill @CAPS6. The dane looked at @PERSON2. @CAPS6 stared  at him. Unblinking pupils dialated. Snorting blue mist from its nose. Yet @PERSON2 did not take the shot. Instead the the dane fled into the treeline. Åg@CAPS5 did you not take the shot?ÅfÅf whispered @PERSON1. Åg@CAPS6 was to far away my friend. I was not sure one arrow would kill @CAPS6 wiithout pain.ÅfÅf @PERSON2 replied simply.The next day the pain returned to the woods and again a dane appeared. This time though @PERSON1 had an arrow ready,but @PERSON2 had rites to this dane as @CAPS6 was the same one from the day before. The daneÅfs rear was toward the pair, and again @CAPS6 was stai ring at @PERSON2. @PERSON2 simply steped back. Soon @PERSON1 took the shot since @PERSON2 would not. The arrow flew high and impaled the obsidian tip into an ash tree. Åg@CAPS5 did you not take the shot?ÅfÅf whispered @PERSON1. Åg@CAPS6 is not honorable to take the life of a beast with @CAPS6Åfs back turned.ÅfÅf @PERSON2 whispered back. On the third day the same dane stalked through the hunting grove of @PERSON2 and @LOCATION1. The dane walks through the grove from the left this time giving @PERSON2 a clear shot at its right flank.This shot @PERSON2 takes. The arrow flies tree and pierces the animals lungs and heart. Åg@CAPS9 the spirit judge @CAPS10 will be pleased.ÅfÅf @PERSON2 states as he corries his kill from the woods. In the end , patience rewards better than impatience. No matter the circumstances."	24
"d time I was patient was when we where going to disocy w orkerd for the first time and l was very excited ! We only bad one week left to wait to go .But I couldnÅft wait that long l thought l waited long enough to, and I wanted to go at moment.  Even thought I had to wait still bad a fon time a disrey word I juss had to be patient!"	12
"I know I can I said to myself as I was getting ready to do a back walkover for the first time by myself. I bent backwards tried kicking over and feel! Errg! I stood back up and asked @PERSON1 my coach, Åg@CAPS1 my shoulders right?Åh @CAPS2 @CAPS1 your shoulder the kick over. Åg@CAPS3 got itÅh I said. As I bent backwards again I slowly raised my left leg to kick over, then I pushed my shoulders forward and I did it! I finally did it by myself! Later that night I showed my mom I could do it. So I did the same exact thing I did at practice. I did it again! But this time at home. The look on my mom face could never be replaced @CAPS4 was so proud of me. Then I @CAPS4 ran over and gave me a high five, then a big bear hug! So I said Ågthank you for being so patient.Åh @CAPS4 said Åg@CAPS5 for you baby.Åh"	17
The time I was patient was when I was wait on my mom to have her @CAPS2. The reason why is becaus she was being a pain to me. She was mean and every thing. So I was lik oh my @CAPS1 she need to have this @CAPS2 so all this can be over and done with. This was when she was oly @NUM1 months so I know that I had to be so patient with her antill the @NUM2 months was over.	12
"Patience, what do you think when you hear that word? When I was little I always thought it would be simply impossible to have a thing like that, but after I badly hurt my ankle and was pat in a cast and on crutches for four months, I really got the hang of it. My mom would always say Ågpatience is vertue,Åh have you ever wondered what it takes to have patience? Well its really just the ability to control your self, you have to be able to get through tough situations and still be controlling yourself, and you really have to control yourself when people annoy you of things take awhile"	12
"I was patient for a whole @DATE1. Although, that was only because @CAPS2 mother had promised to purchase me a brand new video game system. This new video game system was the wii. For @CAPS5 had just come and had me interested the first time I saw @CAPS5. @CAPS5 was comoletely doctor and had advanced graphics.  I had informed  @CAPS2 mother about this system immediately.  ""@CAPS1, I will buy @CAPS5 for you, considering your report card was exceptional."" @CAPS2 mother had guarenteed me.  ""@CAPS3! Thanc you mother,"" I had exclaimed excitedly. Now I was getting @CAPS2 hopes up and expecting @CAPS5 within  @CAPS6 weeks. Although I had done that only to later on dissapoint myself. @CAPS2 mother had informed us that I was to get @CAPS5 in between the time period of one to  the months. ""@CAPS4 @CAPS5"" I had shouted. "" @CAPS6 months?""  ""@CAPS3 @CAPS6 months I don't have enough time to thank about that stuff, there are more important things to consider,"" @CAPS2 mother explained. So that is what started the longest period of patiently waiting in @CAPS2 entire life. After appioximontly one and a half months of waiting, @CAPS2 mother had finally and, ""@CAPS9 are going to @CAPS10 today to buy your wii"""". At that very moment. I led nearly exploded from happiness. ""@CAPS3! "" @CAPS12 I had started in do a dance that no one understood not even  me. So when @CAPS9 pulled up to @CAPS2 favorite video game retail store, I was so excited  I couldn't sit still.  ""@CAPS13 down! Geez, @CAPS5's just a video game system!"" I @CAPS12 stopped immediatly. ""That's what you @CAPS14."" I mumbled to myself. When @CAPS9 had returned home, I had kept playing until @TIME1. So that is when I learned  @CAPS5 pays off when your patient."	24
"One time I was patient for the doctors and I had a great time. Another time I was patient, I was at the dentest. My therd time I was patient when I was going to @ORGANIZATION1 and it was boring waiting but I was patient. Last but not least I was patient to go on the tower of terror. It was the funest ride there."	9
"When I was at the mall one time with @PERSON1 we whent to flee and bought malching hats and skirts. Then we went to the chineze stand and there was a bag like ???. We wated for like a half and hour to get other food. We wated patiently and we got other food and we sat down at a table and that was the last table. Then a family of for was loocking for a seat and @CAPS1 we got up and gave them our table. Then we went to the movies and we waited in line and @PERSON1 was being impatient @CAPS1 we had him save our spot. Then I took @PERSON1 across the walk way and got @PERSON1 a show thick. Now @PERSON1 was upto pay @CAPS1 we walked back to the movie theater and we bought @NUM1 bags of  popcorn, and then we paenently wated in line to get our seats. That is one of my stories of being pachent with my friends."	17
"ÅgTime to go outside!Åhthe teacher said happy that @CAPS2 would get a breake soon. All the kids rall outside to @NUM1 come play with us were playing jump rope!Åh one of the girls said sweetly as @CAPS2 swung the jump rope around, the little girl smacked he little flat shoes on the cement just light enough for  @PERSON1 to her.ÅhIÅfm waitingÅhsaid the little girl un-patiently.Åh@CAPS1 on.Åh@CAPS2 said with an upset tone!Åhfine!Åhthe little girl said as @CAPS2 crossed aims and swayed  bark and forth. One of the love came upto @PERSON1 to! @PERSON1 do want to play tag, or hide and seek.Åh@CAPS3,Åh@CAPS2 said sweetly with he arims folded nicely in he lap as @CAPS2 ran away waving his arms around. @PERSON1 laughed at him and then thought @CAPS4 I play with him then my other friend will be mad. But @CAPS2 was being mean to! The little boy particularly waiting for @ORGANIZATION1Åfs mind to be made up hopped about like a bunny trying to make her laugh again. Åh@PERSON1!!!The little girl said and jumping up and down, making her little. plastic shoes as they hit the ground.ÅhI donÅft have to play with @NUM2 said ,Åhbut I am your best friend.Åh@CAPS2 said getting a fare that only her mom would fogive.Åh@CAPS6 eyes donÅft work on me! @PERSON1 said Ågfine! Åh@CAPS2 said again and the lit he girl ran offÅhI can play with you knowÅh@CAPS2 saidÅh@CAPS7 lets play tag?Åh@CAPS2 said laughing then @NUM3 said.Thanks for playing with me,Åhthe little boy said."	18
This is a story about one time I when my mom was patient. One time me and my mom was at the clinic ?? to get my medicin. We where one of the first people there. Then a lot more people started to come. My mom thought we where the first people to get called we werenÅft @NUM1 groups where called then @NUM1 more groups got called. @NUM3 more groups got called. Then me and my mom finally got called and that was story of the time when my mom was patient.	9
To me when some one is being patient they are in line or waiting for something and they're being very calm. Where they aren't rushed and are very quiet.	7
"When I was ten years old my mom promised me a phone. But then she I had to wait until @CAPS1. That got me mad because @CAPS1 wasn't until next month. I couldn't wait because this phone was a touchsreen with a key board. But I tried to be as patient as I could. The next day I kept seeing these commercials of the phone I wanted. It was very hard to be patient but I tried my best. So everyday I had to try to keep my mind on something besides the phone. Also a couple of my other friends had a phone and I really wanted to text them. Before I knew it it was only a week until @CAPS1 so I was excited, even though I had to pay for phone bill. I just wished the time would fly, but it didn't. So all I decided to do was wait. After six day past, tomorrow was already @CAPS1! My days of miserable waiting paid off! So I woke up the next day and opened my present and it was a brand new phone! My heart started beating of excitement. I was so happy then I thanked my mom. So being patient will eventually pay off."	16
"One day I had to wait about @NUM1 hours which seemed like a year, but I didnÅft complain. I sat in the doctors office waiting to get called, I sat there and waited with my mom. I sat and read a magazine while my mom terted her freind. About three people got called in fourty- five minutes. But I sat and looked at the magazine. They called a kid whoÅfs name was @PERSON1, and I thought it was me because my names @PERSON2. I finished my magazine and went on to the next one. I thought I would like it because it had war on the front of the cover, but its just a cover nothing cool inside except a floating tranlula trick. About one hour passed and only five people were called. I finnally finished all the magazines and I was bored. I watched people get called and called finnally there were only my mom and I and another group, and of course they got called before us. It was about three hours till we were called, and when we did we had to wait even longer because they had technical difficulties with there machines. When we did get in we had to wait a half and hour for the doctor. But we got in, he made my knee twitch and then made me hop on one foot, why I donÅft know. But he did the regular put the thing that goes in my ear and the thermometer that goes on my tongue. But we finnally got out and went home. My mom asked me how could I be that patient, and I said, ÅgI have not a clueÅh."	20
"Patience is a very long task @CAPS2 the rewards out weigh the time you waited for the thing you were waiting for. From waiting for a computer to start up to a line to a rollar coaster, your patience will be rewarded. However many people are not very patient. (@CAPS1 me) @CAPS2 they can learn over time to be as patient as monks. In short, be @CAPS1 a trile and lots of patience."	9
"There was only @NUM1 minutes of class left and I had @CAPS1 to do. So I watched the clock tick down over so slowly. @NUM1 minutes left @NUM3 @NUM4 at @NUM5, the teacher asked, Ågwhat are you doing?Åh I said, Åg@CAPS1. I have @CAPS1 to doÅh Ågwhy donÅft you put your headdown?Åh I was losing my patience and was going to snap, but didnÅft. I put my head down and next thing I know, its time to go. I kept my patience and didnÅft get in trouble."	17
"You being patient is important. People should always be patient &not rush anything. All you have to do is take your time & wait. People need to understand that it you are not patient then particular things want happen to you. If you ever wanted something, then you have to be patient. One day at @ORGANIZATION1, my cousin, shayna was not being patient because she wanted on get on the dance box. But, she could`nt because a lil girl named @ORGANIZATION2, was on the dance box & shayna was not happy. And you know us girls when you we get our attitudes. Shayna got mad & started to cry & roll her eyes at @ORGANIZATION2. @CAPS1 she now up to me & said, Ågshe want let me get on,Åh @CAPS1 I said, Åg@PERSON1`@CAPS2 , you have to be patient & wait your turn because she was on it first & that would be rude and unfair to make her get off.Åh @CAPS1 @PERSON1`@CAPS2 apologized & they both took turns on the dance box. But last, @PERSON1`@CAPS2 was happy & she learned her lesson."	18
"A time where someone I know was impatient was in my science class during a lab project. It was actually to me, a very funny way of impatience.  My classmates and I were divided into groups at differents areas of the lab. We were doing a project on plant classification identifying the differen characteristics. So everyone was trying to quickly finish up their projects be taping their plants on their poster. After fighting for the tape from another group hogging it. Our group finally had the tape. So our group was just done, and two people from another group came to get tape. One of them tried to take some pieces and I guess to the other one he was taking too long. So the one waiting says, Åg@CAPS1 @CAPS2!Åh as a sign of impatience. It was hilarious!"	17
Hi my name is @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and I am in school doing the meat testing ritte now as we speak well! What do you went to take about well lets take aBout we I had very very patient well I was going to see ecllpce the twilight saga. We got tikes ealy about a month ealy so I have to @CAPS3 very very patient so I wait and wait and @NUM1 has gone @CAPS4 so slowy and I start to think what if I stop thinking about it mite come faster. well I ask if I could got to a friends house  and she was going to see the the move to so the month went @CAPS4 and it came the night @CAPS6 I get to go and see the move and my firend call me. She said she canÅft spleep she so exided  I stade  up all night thing and thing what was goting to happen in the move well I did  know what going to happen a it  dreved  me cazy  @CAPS7 knowing what was going to happen well I findy feel aslpeel and  gase what I wak up and @NUM2 more  areas and I will @CAPS3 getting reade to wache ecllpce  and I area went @CAPS4 and I waz ready to go as so as I wach up I well it finly  came we were on are way to see it: we got heare and we sat down in are sites and wache. The move it was hare but was patient!! ThatÅfs the time I had to @CAPS3 patient	17
"One day my family and me where going to @PERSON1 to see jimmy, because he was out on a job in @LOCATION2 fixing a belt line. After me and my brother got home from school we left to go to @LOCATION2 as we where travelling  we seen a lot of things like the city of @LOCATION4 and all the buildings there . Then we seen a sign  that says Ågyou are how leaving @LOCATION3Åh and another sign that said you are how entering @LOCATION1 and thatÅfs when  it happened the traffic jam. We where going through @LOCATION5 at @NUM1.m how smart was that not very but the worst part was the waiting I t  lasted for hours just sitting there but we found ways to away ourselves. Like watch the sea @PERSON2Åfs ,waves, and  look at the buildings there. ThatÅfs my example of patience."	15
"I remember a time when I was patient. I use to be able to wait for anything.one time I was so patient I asked my mom for a game and she said, tomorrow and she got the game the day I asked her. At one time I thought I was the most patient person In my whole family. I am so patient I can wait a month just before I go to cedar point. You have to be burn with patient. Some of my friends are patient but they canÅft wait as long as I can. Some of them even ask me to teach them how to be patient. I say the same thing to them what I say to everybody who asked me about being patient. You have to be born with patient. Its not something you learn over the years. I could want three week without getting paid from my dad. As some people get older there grow lesser. That doesnÅft work on everybody. But sometime soon I know my patient will be like everyone else when I get older. Who knows maybe somebody might be more patient than me I the world."	15
"One thing I am not very at ient with is the meap. The reason I am not patient with the meap because it is very boring you can not talk and it is dull. I hate the meap it is very difficult, you donÅft see tenn see or @CAPS1 doing the meap. The meap expect you to do to much work the meap is one of the reason I dislike michgan. The meap asking you questions and words you never saw or herd before. In my opinion @CAPS2 we are going to do meap I wou ld prefer them to ask question and words that we know. Another thing I dont like about it is that they grade our writing on opinion they grade of what they think of it. To mi the meap is stupid @CAPS2 I had a choice I would chose not to do it. Since the meap is important I do it for my grade. These are the reason why I am very inpatient with the meap."	13
"The time that I was patient was today when everyone was takeing the @CAPS1.E.A.P. when we all get into the classroom nobody what so ever did not want to take the @CAPS1.E.A.P, when our teacher told us that we had to write on five pages and on @DATE1 we had to finish part two of the writing session, nobody wanted to. So when we got the  paket that we had to bubble in our answers we had to fill something out on the front of the paket. Then we had to put our first and last name on it befour we could take a break. When the break was over we needed to get a n free reading book and our teacher had to read all of us the directions to us we ,got started and when everyone was finished she told like five or more people that they could have a bathroom break, when everyone went she read the directions to the other part and when everyone was doing that same people got done really early and they got really board and they didnÅft want to read so then they all started to talk she would be right back that she had to go to the bathroom so once someone to came in and would wach us then all of the guys would make paper basket balls and started to shot them into into the tiny basket ball hoope and then she came in and told us to get in our seats and that we  would be starting the last writing sesson and that after this it would be lunch and it might even go though or lunch and then everyone was  freaking out. So that was the time that I was just patient."	16
"I thought that when I got hurt during football and was on a stretcher, everyone was patient. They understood that I could only go a cartair spare and waited for me in the hallways and carried my stud from room to room. An example of someone showing this patience was @CAPS1 @PERSON2 had to hurry to go to the bathroom but walked with me slowly so I wouldn't be alone. Another example of someone being patient with me is @PERSON1. Lauren was patient with me  when I asked herÅc.???????????"	15
"Åg@NUM1, @NUM2, @NUM3, @NUM4, @NUM5, @NUM6, @NUM7, @NUM8!Åh my poms coach @PERSON1 says as we practice the dance over and over again. I love poms but at times it gets very tiring. We have practice @DATE1, and @DATE3. We also have six girls including me. My coach loves to make us do the dance one time by ourselves .On our first game we had practice right before we left for our very first performance. All of us were so excited we all just wanted to go and perform all day. But the game was at @NUM5:45 pm and they didnÅft even start until @NUM6:00 pm which was way later than expected. So all my poms team, our coach, and all of our family had to wait patiently on the bleachers for over @NUM11 until we actually, finally got to perform. Finally it was the @DATE2 and the clock bit three, which ment we all went on the track to stretch .We were all so happy but still a little sad that we didnÅft get to perform earlier. We had a minute on the clock so we walked to the other side. Getting in our formation the clock quickley started to drop from fifty seconds to @NUM12 then quickely we only had @NUM13 seconds until we went on. I couldnÅft believe it, only @NUM13 seconds until our very first performance. The thrill rushed through my head as the man announced Åg@CAPS1 performing @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 pom pon teamÅh then our names over the speakers. The crowed roared as we entered the field. We quickley all reminded our self to smile. Then the music came on and we all danced our hearts out honoring and thanking our coach and our parents. After we finished we were automatically huttled around by friends and family. And waiting and being patient wasnÅft so bad anymore.  It was all worth the wait."	21
"Just as I finished eating my hamburger I noticed an old, crude excuse for a bus parked outside of the restaurant window. Åg@CAPS1Åfs that?Åh I asked through my sgueky seven-year-old voice. My @CAPS3 responded, ÅgThat bus takes people to the palace across the street, where @PERSON1Åfs playing.Åh Åg@CAPS2Åft it be cool if we @CAPS4 go?Åh I questioned. I saw my mom whisper something to my brother. It was then that they told me we were going to the show. Excitedly, I climbed into the back seat of our car and we drove across street to the palace of @ORGANIZATION1. It was huge! All I wanted to do was enter the marvelous building, but my @CAPS3 kept telling me we had to wait. About fifteen minutes later the two pepsis I had drinken earlier made it through my system Åg@CAPS3, I have to go to the bathroomÅh, I said over and over again. Finally, my @CAPS3 took me through the front doors. The inside of the building was even more fabulous than the outside! However, a rail of red rope blocked our way. Åg@CAPS4 my son use the bathrooms?Åh my @CAPS3 asked a lady who sat behind the front desk. She gave a cold ÅgroÅh and we were forced to return back to the car. Another fifteen minutes passed. The concert would start soon, so we returned to the building. This time the red rope had gone, but replaced by a line of nearly fifty people who were all waiting to get through the metal detector! It took almost @NUM1 minutes, but we made it to the front of line, we passed through the metal detector and took our seats. That was a true test of my patience, but it all was worth it when I was finally allowed to use the bathroom."	24
"Åg@CAPS1 @CAPS2Åh said my little sister @PERSON1 Åg@CAPS3 you help me practice kicking a soccer ball we are doing it in gym and I @CAPS6Åft know how.Åh ÅgOf corseÅh I said Åglets go to the back yardÅh @CAPS4 my way out I grab a ball. I set it down @CAPS4 the ground in the front of me and say Åg@CAPS5 you do is step forward with you left foot and kick with the top of you right. Åg IÅfll try @CAPS8 sayÅh daughtfully. @CAPS8 runs up to the ball an kicks, he misses but thats @CAPS7. @CAPS8 trys againe another miss. @CAPS8 sits down @CAPS4 the ground. I go up to her. Åg@CAPS6Åft give its only your second try, not everyone is good at soccer try one more time. Åg@CAPS7, one more try.Åh @CAPS8 runs up to ball and kicks. The ball goes sailing into the goal. Åg@CAPS9 you for teaching me @CAPS2.Åh ÅgI was my pleasure just try to be patient with yourself and youÅfll be a great soccer player I promes.Åh Åg@CAPS7 but I want to practice some more.Åh Åg@CAPS7.Åh"	17
"When I went deer hunting with my dad I was patient. When me and my dad went deer hunting I had to be patint by waiting. The hardest part was being quiet to. I also had to stay still. Being patint is waiting for some thing. I had to be patint because I was waiting for a deer all day. Even now I did not get a deer, I was quiet, still and patint."	13
"A time I was patient was in @DATE1 at the @ORGANIZATION1. I was about @NUM1 in the @TIME1 when we claimed our seats right in front of the stage. We waited about @NUM2 minutes till the first @PERSON1 came on stage, the name of their @PERSON1 was @LOCATION2. Their appearance was strange so they looked like a rock @PERSON1. But they were just a regular @PERSON1 that played normal music. They played songs I've never heared of ever but now I hear them more frequently now. The second bad was another one I never heard of. I can't remember their names, but they wern't my taste of music. The next @PERSON1 was one I new lots about; their name is the @PERSON1, they were great. There lead lead singer had a long beared and an afro, it was very funny. They seemed to go the quickest because I enjoyed them so much. Next was another singer I have heard of his name was @PERSON2, he was also great. He even made up a song at the top of his head about @LOCATION1 and never stoped for like four minutes. Then he was done and the time was about @NUM3 @CAPS1 at night by now. And I was getting tired. But right there I saw the @CAPS2 boys getting ready I was really excited, they opened up with a song named @CAPS3. And there was strobe lights and regular lights every were. The staid that was holding the drum even moved. It did @NUM4?, and a @NUM5. It went @NUM2 feet in the air and did flips and everything you can @CAPS4. Their lead singer @PERSON3 and their drummer even had a drum off, that was cool. That went till about @NUM7 it was amazing. I will probly never whiteness something like that ever again!"	21
"Being patient is hard and not all people are patient, but patience is an important thing to do. You have to be patient almost everywhere you go, like waiting in line is being patient. You have to be patient with people to, like people who are learning or you are teaching. I was patient in @ORGANIZATION1 which was really hard to do. When I was really little mabey four or five years old, we went to @ORGANIZATION1. My older sister wanted to go on a ride but I couldnÅft go because I was to short. So my mom stayed with me while my older sister and my @CAPS1 went on the ride. I was so sad but my mom told me to wait and not get antcy. After a while I started asking ÅgWhen is the ride going to be over mamaÅh she kept responding ÅgI donÅft know, when ever @PERSON1 and @CAPS1 get off the ride.Åh @CAPS2 I couldnÅft wait, but when my @CAPS1 and sister got off they told my mom that they wanted to go again. My mom said ÅgokÅh and thats when I got sad then she said to me Ågbut because you waited so long and nicely I will take you to get a smoothy.Åh ÅgI love smoothysÅh I scream. Patience is important, because I was so patient my mom got me something I love. Patience ia a hard thing to do but once you got it, itÅfs a good thing to do."	20
"On my last trip at @CAPS1 point I made a horrible mistake. I waited in line for @NUM1 hours on the mantis. I had to be patient, but it was hard to becauseÅc the mister fans were having tecinal diffucatties . And how can I be patient when it is @NUM2 degrees outside?! The only good part of the line was the shade. That was @NUM3 way I kept my patience."" I told my self, ""and in no time you will be there."" @CAPS2 I spoke too soon. Half an hour seemed like @NUM4 hours, but I think the heat was just getting to me. Finally, after @NUM5 hours in line the mist fans @DATE1 to lift. Patience can bring luck. I wait for what seems like only ten minutes but accaully was an hour. After I got off the ride, I was releaved. I guess patience in some ways, is the key to success."	18
"I have had to be patient many times in my life. One that I can remember was waiting in a long line for opening of @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS6 for this @DATE1. The line must have at least @NUM1 people. This is one of the largest apple orchard in the area I lived in. It was my first time going, but my sister had gone before, countless times. She said that it was one of the scariest things she had ever been to. She brought a friend with her also. Her name is @PERSON1. The opening was going to be at @TIME1, and it was only @NUM2, the line still growing behind us. My heart was pumping faster and faster. I glanced at my watch almost every @NUM3 second. Time seemed to forget to keep ticking. Finally, it was @NUM4. That was when we heard an announcement. Beep! Åg@CAPS4 ladies and gentlemen! I am sad to announce that we will be opening up @CAPS3 @CAPS6 in @NUM3 more minutes. IÅfm sorry. Thanks for your cooperationÅh click. I heard everyone in the line groan. A lot of the people just left to come back tomorrow. Andrew, @PERSON1 and I just sat down to wait it out. Then finally, we heard one last announcement. Beep! Åg@CAPS4 once again! Are you ready for some @CAPS3? Then come on in! ItÅfs time for @CAPS3 @CAPS9!Åh That was my story of being patient."	24
"Are you always or even sometimes patient? If not your normal. @CAPS1-@CAPS1. But everyone on @LOCATION1 should be patient. It will help  you in the long run. I f you and I were patient our would would be a  little  bit fasier. Like  if your brother for an instint was in your bathroom and you had  to use it. you  could wait for him to finish. That is saving  argueing and itÅfs  being patient. I say these thing like ÅgIÅfm patient!Åh but that would be  a lie, because I am far from it! Not saying itÅfs  easy but we all try."	10
"During the @DATE1, my mom broke her wrist while we were riding our bikes down a trail. At the end of the trail mom turned a corner too fast and flipped over her handle bars. I didnÅft know her had broken her wrist until she stood up and told me. When she told me I froze, no one has ever had a broken bone in my family before so I didnÅft know what to do. Mom calmly told me we had to walk our bikes to the car, since we got to the trail by car. As we walked our bikes toward the car mom didnÅft say anything like how much pain she was in or anything. When we got to the car I had to put the bikes in the backseat. Now to those who donÅft know, bikes are a bit heavy and putting them in a backseat of a car is a bit hard. Also when your mom has a broken bone and is in alot of pain, and the bikes wonÅft go in the backseat the situation can get rather stressful. My mom saw that I was getting upset and told me to calm down and directed me on how to put the bikes in. After that mom told me to get her glasses that we accidentally left on the trail. I ran as fast as I could to get her glasses, but they were broken by the fall. So I ran all the way back to the car and since we had the same eyesight I gave her my glasses. My mom needed glasses because since IÅfm not to yet she had to drive herself to the emergency room, and she did so without complaint. When we got to the emergency room we had to wait a while before anyone would see us. I was freaking out, but mom was actually telling jokes on how she got hurt doing something healthy like exercise. I admire my mom for her patience and calmness in a situation like that. She didnÅft once complain or whine about the pain she was in. she didnÅft yell at me when I was taking a while putting the bikes in the car. While I was pretty much about to hyper ventalate right there and then. She was calmly telling me it was okay and helping me move along. It was as if I was the one who got hurt and she was being the mother as always and taking me to the emergency room. I know for a fact that I wouldnÅft have handled the situation that well if I broke my wrist. I know that I wouldÅfve been crying and wanting someone to just hurry up and help me. IÅfm amazed at my momÅfs understanding and tolerance. I hope I can achieve that too."	24
"Patience is when someone is understanding and tolerant. Well IÅfm going to tell you about someone who is patience. My friend @PERSON1 is very patience person. @PERSON1 is understanding because when someone asks her wait she listens and waits. When her parents were talking, and when she was trying to tell them something they told her to wait because it is rude when you interrupt adults when there talking. @PERSON1 is a very patience person."	12
When I was patient I was in line at gender point for the @CAPS1 we got to cedar point late so we went to the end of the line there was a sign have way through that said Ågyour wait will be @NUM1 hour so we stad in line for an hour finally we got to the front I was so exited as I was walking up the stairs I realized I just awaited an hour and @NUM2 minutes to ?? this and then I rode it ??? was ???	11
"@PERSON1 wanted a dog. She really did. She had been asking her @CAPS1 for a while now. Every time she would ask her @CAPS1, would reply ÅgYou canÅft get a dog until you earn it.Åh @PERSON1 didnÅft know how @CAPS7 earn it, she thought about it for a while she didnÅft really know what her @CAPS1 meant, she figured that her @CAPS1 meant that she needed @CAPS7 @CAPS8 her some responsibility. She looked at the clock it said @NUM1, almost time for dinner, she thought her @CAPS1 was probably, working on it, so she walked out @CAPS7 the kitchen & there was her @CAPS1 making dinner. @PERSON1 asked a little more than loud ÅgwhatÅfs for dinner?Åh  steak & mashed potatoes. That was @PERSON1Åfs favorite. She nodded & said ÅgcanÅft help!Åh Ågwhy not?Åh her @CAPS1 questioned. @PERSON1 asked her what could she could do & her @CAPS1 said @CAPS7 get the salt & pepper @CAPS7 put on the cooking steak. Her @CAPS1 felt pretty happy that @PERSON1 was willing @CAPS7 help out. @PERSON1 did what she could then went upstairs @CAPS7 her room, she was hoping her @CAPS1 would get the message. She ate dinner with her @CAPS1 then she went @CAPS7 bed. The next day she ran down the stairs @CAPS7 find her @CAPS1 sitting on the coach. She said quickly Ågwhat are we doing today?Åh her @CAPS1 answered ÅgI was thinking we could just hang around the house.Åh @PERSON1 was getting impatient she wanted a dog & she was trying her @CAPS6 @CAPS7 be good, then finally she last it and shouted Ågare we ever gonna get a dog???Åh her @CAPS1 surprised of @PERSON1 said ÅgwellÅcÅcÅh @PERSON1 interrupted Åg@CAPS1 I @CAPS2 @CAPS3 ONE AND I @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8 YOU! Ågher @CAPS1 answered well if you were more patiet I was gonna say maybe we could go look at anneÅh @PERSON1 felt bad for veiling & realised things will turn out better if she wailse later that day her & her @CAPS1 went and out a day."	20
"Patience is a very important value. To sacced you need patience. I have used patience in my life when I got my first horse. I needed patience with her because she was stubborn, self- centered ,and poorly trained. I had to teach her moves at a slow pace so she could remember how she was supposed to do it. I also needed patience for her because she had just moved to the present home and didnÅft recognize the surroundings. These though, are only some of the ways patience has appeared in my life"	16
One day we were in a line at cedar point for the speed racer. We had to wait for what seemed like forever. I was losing my patients so my dad told me to go get something to drink and come back to the same spot. I was standing and someone told and security took us back to the end of the line. We where mad and my dad was losing his patients too. We wait for hours till it was finally our turn. We wait that long and the ride was like a couple minutes long. We said we will never go back to that ride. That was a time l lost my patients.	16
"Patientce is hard for example when you walk in to a @CAPS1Åfs office you must patiently wait your turn to see the @CAPS1. Patience is just another word for ÅgwaitÅh you have to be wait to see the @CAPS1. But instead most people say cant you patiently wait to see the @CAPS1. But instead most people say cant you Åg@CAPS2 wait to see the @CAPS1. Patience is hard for some people. Many people cannot patiently wait to see a @CAPS1. another example is Åg@CAPS3Åh when familys go on a road trip you here @CAPS3 say mom when are we gonna get there, and that is my weakness we, well that is a sign of no patience. Whats so ever so what I would say if someone came up to me and said what is patienceÅh? I would say ÅgwaitÅh wait your turn, ??? for the dos, wait for the @CAPS1, and wait for us to get there."	10
PATIENT. One time I had to be very patient over at @CAPS1 barrymores because we went into a line to go on go-karts that yexi had to be at least @NUM1 years old or older to go. I also had to be patient my birthday this year because I knew I was getting cool stuff but I never imagined it would this cool.	10
"I was at the detrait airport. It was around @NUM1 am,the sky was bright and gloomy but no rain, just a warm breeze blowing in my face. My mom,brother and @CAPS1 through the tall metal doors and saw everything from gift shops to our destiny where we would @NUM2.We got our tickets and headed off into the plane.We went through metal detectors that caught nothing but my leather striped pink and brown belt.I slipped it back and started walking.When we entered the plane we passed alot of people i didÅfnt know.I got the window seat,and there my mom,brother, and i sat in  carnined blue chair s waiting in excitment and  fear to fly off into the sunshine state"	22
"One important skill you need in the life is patience. With my new, hard cast on my arm, I couldn't do many things. I was a very active child doing soccer, basketball, cross country, and football. But, with my broken arm I had to be patient with my sports. Being patient payed off and my arm healed faster without becoming but even more. Then I played sports after a had my coat cut off. Patience can be rewarding, just if you wait long enough."	17
The time I was patient is when I was to clean up my house and my mom said I would like me to ??? when she getÅfs back. So I straighting up vaccuming spreading my bed cleaning bathroom taking the dogs outside clean thier raven did the dishes took out the trash did the laundry and once I done with a lot I would watch @CAPS1 play the game or on the computer I waited about the whole day and once she got her she didnÅft when bring would she said I forgot so we were to get pizza.	14
A time when I had to be patient was my @NUM1 birthday. Why because I was wait for my phone and mom cep telling that I was going to get it on the frist of @DATE1. But I still didnÅft belive her and guess what my last present was my brand new cell phone& a case now that is wat I call pacent.	8
"One day my mom, my sister, and I was going to the hair salon to get our hair done. It was so many people there talking. It was kind of noisy too. The tv was on, the radio was on, and a bunch of people talking. When we got there my mother signed all three of us in on the sign in sheet then we had to sit and wait. We waited for a long time. I really wanted to leave and come back another day but my mom said we had to wait. I got hungry and I was sleepy. We waited for an hour. I didnÅft let it bother me, so I turned on my @NUM1 player and listened to it until it was time for us to come next. Then we had to wait another hour, and I got even more hungry but I didnÅft say anything. So we waited and waited and finally we were up next. And we all got our hair done. Then when we left we went to get some food because we were all hungry. And that was a time I was patient at hair salon."	17
"As my dad allways tells me, patient is one of the vary begs to being successful in life. As I mature I find out more and more that patients is important. I remember a time when I had to display patients for a long period of time. My family and I took a trip to ceadar point along with my friend. My friend and I could only think about the biggest ride in the park, mellenium @ORGANIZATION1. Åg@CAPS1 ride gave me the most fan, heartstopping, andrenalin pumping rush ever. But it would be a while before I could ride it. So we walked and walked, I began to get tired. After @NUM1 hours of walking we reached the mellenium @ORGANIZATION1. I was disapointed to find out itÅfs a @NUM1:30 hour wait. The sun was blazing out. I figure the best way to do @CAPS1 was to keep quiet and relax. It seems that the more you complain the longer it takes. And before we knew it we were about to get to get on the ride!"	19
One time I was patient was when I was in science class taking a test. I was patient because I went up to the teacher because I needed help and so did the kid in front of me. It took him a while but I just stood there and waited. It took him around @NUM1 minutes because he needed help with a lot of thing. That is the time I was patient.	14
"I am patient wherever I go to the dentistÅfs office, orthodontist, or doctorÅfs office. The first time is at the dentistÅfs office when I have to wait to get my teeth cleaned. I usually sit there and end magazines .The next place I am patient is outhodontist,I sit and wait in the first room and crater to my I-pod after a few minutes the call me into the second room where I wait little longer to get my bracer frightened . Once I get in the office I have to wait for the guy to tighter them. Finally there is the doctorÅfs office where you sit in the big waiting foom for a long time and wait for the lady to call you in when you get there if you are getting shuts you have to wait patienty for the doctor to being them. As can see a lot of things take patience."	14
"The time I needed patience. We were on the groccery store, @CAPS1 man to be exact.m When we first got there I was exited because we were going to get lots of junk bad, but ther. We started to get lots of food and it looked really good. I started to just eat it all. The cart was half way. ??? @CAPS7 we got more stuff and it was @CAPS3 full that we had to get another cart and it started to get hungry. But the time we were in the meat section, I was starving. My mom said Åg@CAPS2 me just get a couple one things.Åh @CAPS3 I waited, and waited @CAPS7 she told me to go to checkout. All of them were @CAPS3 long and I felt like I was ???(@CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6) @CAPS7 this little girl walked up to me getting smart I couldnÅft take it, I was about to talk that little girl down. But I had to calm myself @CAPS3, @CAPS7 I realized it was our turn and I was @CAPS3 happy. @CAPS7 when I got home mom cooked bacos and I was just ready to go to bed."	19
"In the writing prompt, I chose to write a story about a time when I was patient. I am going to talk about the time I skipped school to go fishing with my dad and my uncle @PERSON1. I didnÅft get to sleep in very much, I still got up at about the same time I do to go to school. I had to get out of the house before my brother saw me because he wasnÅft going with us. We got in the car, and drove to my uncle @PERSON1Åfs house. When we arrived at his house, my dad started packing everything onto the boat. Once we did that, we hopped in my uncle @PERSON1Åfs old, rusty, red truck. The red paint was chipping all over the truck. We started to drive, and my uncle @PERSON1 had to keep watching  the boat. The boat was very small. It just barely fit all of us. It was only about a foot and a half wide and about @NUM1 foot long. It scared me when we put the boat in the water and started driving. We went through a gorgeous river all the way to the back of the @ORGANIZATION1. The @ORGANIZATION1 were on is called @ORGANIZATION1. It is in @LOCATION1. I was patient right when we got in there. I thought we were going to stand, so I was having second thoughts on fishing. It turns out, we just sat in there while we fished. We fished for a good @NUM2 hours that day. I was so very patient waiting for my bobber to go down so I could set the hook. Åg@CAPS1Åh my uncle @PERSON1 said. It means that the bobber is going under the water like a submarine does. We had @NUM2 rods out at once! @NUM4 pike rods, and @NUM1 bluegill rods! I caught the biggest blue gill of the day that day! This day was one of the best days of my life!! That is about the time I had to be patient on the @ORGANIZATION1 for @NUM2 hours straight."	19
"I time I was patient is when we had to do mcap teats. I was one of the first ones done so I had to sit quitly and read. I read most of my book. It took about an hour for evrey one to finish. it was vary long time to read. I got board but I sat quite so people could finish, and so I wouldent be disrptintt. Thean when evry one finshed we took a batheroom brack."	15
"I am going to tell a story in my own way. It was @DATE1. My sister was turning @NUM1 years old. We were at @CAPS1 @CAPS2 setting up for her party. She had a pretty dress and my mom was carling her hair in the bathroom. I walked in and asked my mom if she could curl my hair. She said ÅgYou have waitÅh. I made a snobby comment and I at one of the tables. I was being patient. Finally, if was my turn. I sat there while she curled my hair. Later that day, my sister, @NUM2 cousins and I all had @NUM3 @CAPS2 to ourselves. I was last on the bowling list @CAPS3 I had to be patient for awile. It was finally my turn. I bowled and I waited. Bowled and water. Finally it was time for cake and I had to be patient again. Eventually I got my cake but I was sick of waiting for everything. While my sister was opening her presents, I was thinking to myself, ÅgsheÅfs @CAPS3 slow,Åh @CAPS3 I walked up there and shouted, Åg@CAPS4 up!Åh I got yelled at and had to sit out for a while. I should of be patient the whole day and maybe I would of participated in all the games. ThatÅfs my story I told in my own way."	24
I was very patient one time when my grandma was in the store. Trying to build the whole store and I had to go to the bathroom real bad. I started to get real; mad because I thought the store person that was ringing up the stuff tryed to go slow so I couldnÅft use it. The only reason why I didnÅft complain was because most of the stuff and the bascket was mine. That was a time I was very patient	12
"My finger tips were icy as I sat and wanted. The seconds tarried into minutes, turned into hours. My body heat escaping rapidly like sand in the winds. I frudged through the mud as the slick rain hammed on my skin. I should have waited. I was patient as they explained it. But I didn't listen. I should have waited. I should have waited, wait have I shoulded. The words mixed together. My bones cold, I was only about @NUM1 yards from home. My legs refused to walk as they shuddered violently. Wait, be patient, I reminded myself. A cop car in my parents' driveway. I shoved my left leg through the mess of leave and mud, patience wasn't a factor right now. Nine yards, eight, seven, six. I stopped, pulled my poud over my head but the wind and paid blew it off again, five, four, three, two, one. I was at my door step. I weakly raised my hand to knock. The @CAPS1. Fast foot steps, the door opens. I am showered with hugG. ''You should have waited!'' my dad cried, tears streaming down his face. I smiled weakly."	22
"As  I get older my tolerance for patience has grown bigger. I was six and foretaken when my mother had told me to wait to get my gifts on christmas. After she said that I was angry at her and stomped to my room. I flopped hard on my bed and then eventually fell asleep. My mother had come in my room and told me I was allowed to open my presents, but before she did she said I need to have patience. Now as IÅfm older, I know most right from attitudes, so when christmas comes I donÅft care about the gifts I remember when she had told me to be patient to receive because you might not be able to get everything you want and when your patient and listen to what your mother tells you to do so she can explain that I might not get alot or what I want. so now my patience is great for most things but since then I dont wanna rush and miss the details of what people have to say or I might get dissapointed. Patience is a thing where if you dont have it, then things wont be understood sometimes and things could not turn out the way you wanted them too. Enthusiasum is different from patience. Patience means when you wait and donÅft want to. Enthusiasum is when you exited. People get those confused, so when a child is excited look for details and donÅft say be paitent say calm down because they could take it the wrong way if you dont tell them why. In conclusion these are ways I was taughht to act, so please take my words into consideration, they could help."	14
"@CAPS2 @CAPS1 was a patient ??, @CAPS2 decided to order a pizza them ???. The delivery man tells @CAPS2 that would be at his house in fifteen minutes. @CAPS2 was still waiting for his pizzas after fifteen minutes. And how late the  delivery man will with they ??? after being late. @CAPS2 said that he dosnt care."	14
"Patience in my words is to be able to wait along time for something and not angry and not raise your blood pressure. Patience is a good thing to have because if you didnÅft have patience you would probably never be able to accomplish anything that takes time to do. I think that being patiente would help you succeed in many things. For an example, me and my mom were in the @ORGANIZATION1 drive thruogh and the lady in front of us was yelling at the people in the line to go faster, when you do something like that itÅfs most likely not gonna speed up. My mom has outstanding patience because she can wait for things for hours and not get frustrated. I rarely have patience I cant wait more than around ten minutes for something. Patience is a great thing because you must likely wanÅft get things done. Most of my family and I donÅft have the best patience but we sometimes do. I think that patience is very good to have."	18
"This is a story of the time I was patient. It was four in the @TIME1, I was in bed sleeping. It was dead silent. All of a sudden, I woke up to the sound of footsteps, it was my dad. Out of nowhere, my bright light flashed on and I squinted and put the blanket over my head. My dad yelled, ÅgitÅfs time to go, @CAPS1!Åh I replied Ågokay!Åh I quickly flung out of bed, got dressed, ate breakfast, grabbed my bag and put it in the trunk of my momÅfs car. It was the middle of @DATE1, and we were on our way to @LOCATION1. I knew I had to be patient, so I popped a movie in the @CAPS2 player for me and my brother @CAPS3 to watch. It started to get lighter out and I was still watching movies whele everyone else was asleep. Exect for my dad of course he was the driver. When everyone woke up we stopped for food and gas. I was very patient, because I had to wait for everyone to wake up before I got to eat. After we ate we got back in the car and drove off. A couple hours later, we got to @LOCATION1. I was ??? to  get there, I burst out of the car and yelled ÅgfinallyÅh That was the story of how I Was patient."	20
"It can be really hard to be patient, depending on the effect. Even I lose my patience some times. But one time I was so patient that I was about to explode. On a dry @DATE1 day, my family and I decide to go on an exciting vacation to @ORGANIZATION1. We drove @LOCATION1 to @LOCATION2 and headed east towards @ORGANIZATION1. After the boring road trip, we parked our silver mini van in a five dollar parking lot right next to the @ORGANIZATION1. First we went up the @CAPS1 tower, where we saw everything from the incredible height. After that we saw our cousins. I never even saw them before. As we were looking at the waterfall my brother said, ""@CAPS2, look at those boats under the waterfall. Dad, can we go on them?"" ""@CAPS3, but first we have to buy tickets."" @CAPS4 my dad. We bought the tickets and went in line."" @CAPS5 are there so much people?"" I asked. There was about @NUM1 people waiting in line with us. ""@CAPS6 be patient,"" my dad replied. I stood there looking at all the people in front of us. We were never going to get on the boat. I saw people handing out blue rain jackets. After @NUM2 minutes we still did not get the jackets yet. We were moving as slow as the plates on the earth were. Finally, we got a jacket, but we weren't on a boat yet. My brother was complaining and my dad started yelling at him. I was still standing, almost to explode. At last, they called us up onto the boat. It was amazing going under the waterfall. We were in the mist. When we came back to shore, we talked about how amazing it was. Being patient has a reward at the end. Even though it is hard to be patient, I still did it and anyone can. I was patient the whole time in line to get in the boat. Patience can be rewarding."	23
"Some stories when I was patient is when I needed teacherÅfs help, grandma had surgery, wait for turn in sports, and wait for mom at work. When my grandma had surgery we waited for three hours. During that time I played chess with my aunt. I talked with them. We went to the gift shop there. Also we went to the mall. The teacher gave us home work (h.w.) and I did not understand a part. The teacher was helping a different person so I waited. I skipped the part came back by then the teacher could help me. Then I understood the homework. My mom took me to her job after school or I would have alone at home. While waiting I mopped the floor. I rested my head and put it on the table. Talked with some of the employees and pasted time by walking back and forth. These are the stories about a time I was patient."	13
"Being patient means that when your in a bad situation you donÅft complain. Some people arenÅft vary patient and some are very patient. In my eyes patience is very important, I likes to think of myself of sort of patient or I think I am. One time I had to be very patient when my family had to drive fourteen hours to get to @LOCATION1 it was not fun. One bad thing about it was you always had to go to the bathroom. Once you have the privillage to go when you want get taken away then you want it even more. But I kept saying to myself be patient weÅfll stop at the next place. Another thing was you were alway hungry or thirsty. We only stopped three times that was not fun. Also whenever you got food was not enough. But I didÅfnt complain. Lastly you just really want to get there you couldnÅft wait for the sandy beaches and the waves. It seamed like we would never get there it was not the best experience. When we finally got there I realized that the trip was like a big test of patience and I pasted, and actually it wasnÅft nearly as bad as the trip back."	19
"Patience can lead to rewards, @PERSON4 the brown bear learned that @DATE1 when he was in line to get an autograph from @PERSON1. He might have been very frustrated but he just stayed calm and looked forward to meeting @PERSON3. One day @PERSON4 seen a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 headline in a newspaper. He put @NUM1 in the machine and opened the newspaper holder to grad one, it was jammed.  He went into the gas station to tell the people but they were not there, he hit the top of the bell and nobody came .@PERSON4 was trying to be as patient as possible .He went to a different store and got newspaper there. The @CAPS1 @CAPS2  was  that his favorite star ,@PERSON2 ,was going to be in town  .Can hurried  to buggle town and seen the line that was @NUM2 long ???.He was so excited to see @PERSON3. @PERSON4 got to the line at @TIME2 and has been there for @NUM3 hour and she only got @NUM4 autographs done .This was going to be a long day for @PERSON4. @PERSON4 got a hot dog and  a soda from the sidewalle food business  at @NUM5 p.m .@PERSON4 was still the last person in line his patience went down quite a bit .At @TIME3 there were only @NUM6  people  including him there . He finally got to @PERSON3 at @TIME4 @PERSON3 and her crew notified @PERSON4 that he won the patience contest .They told him be gets to see her in concert, gets  her phone number  and wins a date with her. He was so happy he kept himself patient for fife hours. @PERSON4 was about to blow at @TIME1 knew he would never forgot this moment .Also, @PERSON4 ended up being @PERSON3Åfs boyfriend. That is when @PERSON4 learned that patience can pay off in the end."	22
"I remeber, just a few days ago, my mother had to get her tooth checked out and guess what I did, I read a book! Even though it took forever, I was done with my @NUM1 minute homework. When my mom came back we got up to leave and my feet were name. So far my patience we got ice cream. So you could get rewarded if your just patient."	16
"Last month, I had to go get a root canal. I was very nervous .I arrived at the dentist office , half scared  to death by the of the pain , there two people in front  of me so I had to wait , which made me more scared. The  time had come for me to go with the dentist . I was patient the whole  time .After it was done ,I was fine ,it didnÅft even hurt .When I got home ,I fell asleep , I woke up in pain though ,my tooth felt on fire. I never complained though, and when my mom was trying to hurry and my medicine, I never yelled at her to hurry or cried .This was the time that I was patient."	16
"Once on @DATE1 break my family and I went to @LOCATION1. While we were at @LOCATION1 we went to a huge water park. My two sisters and I convinced my parents to go there. A few days later we went to the water park. We rented a locker, changed our clothing, and started looking for waterslides. Right as we walked in there was a huge (take) sunken ship. On the very to where zip- lines! We all ran to the ship and realized that there was a line. Not a short line. A giant line. We must have been there @NUM1 minutes waiting. Eventually it came my turn. I grabbed the handle and kicked off the ground. I had almost reached the end when it slowed to a stop. I let go falling into a pool. The wait was totally worth it!"	17
A time when I was patient was on the city bus. So me and my mom could go to walmart. We waited for @NUM1 hours till we got there. Before we got on we had to pay a @MONEY1 each. Then ask for transfer very nicely. T hen hop on another bus then get off and go shopping. Then wait till bus comes back and go home after @NUM1 hours. Then get of bus at the corner and walk back to the house.	14
Being patient is a good thing. Sometimes impatient @CAPS1 sometimes im not its better to be patient. My cousin is patient so when I tell her to wait and be patient she will wait as long as she want. My other causins tell me to be patient and I will just be waiting for a while and I ask then hurry and they tell me to learn to be patient. My cousin was trying to teach me how to be patient and we tRied. So now I can stay longer being patient.	9
"One day when I was in third grade @DATE1. My mom was driving me to school and she said ÅgWhen I pick you up today I have surprise for you at how.Åh @CAPS1 that whole day I had to be patient but I couldnÅft I just had to get home to see what is was .I could have pretended I was sick and went home but I decided to just calm down and be patient . I told myself the school day. Will be over soon. At @NUM1 left school and my mom pick me up. I told her I was @CAPS1 excited to see what she had for me but I told her I was patient the whole school day! Finally we got and she told me to  Åg go to my room Åg,I said  ÅgokayÅh when I got inside I sawa  little  cute ,black  pup pled I was soon happy I got a dog ! I said thank mom thank you sos much dad I end naming her chioe."	21
"I guess you could say that patience is one of my bang talents. I go through many things that involve patience and a ve it through without awed . Everything knows that the wortplore to be patient in is church eserc?????? On chass?????.  You are up, then meel down, then start , the  sit then, @PERSON1 and ok! It @CAPS1 on forever. Boh  so  I  know that there  are  a lot of  kids  that  went  as  patent  as  me, some  of  them have  @CAPS2 @CAPS3 of  other lirastings  that  make  them  impatient while  others  in   just  ????  you are.  I know   ???  People who are like that there reals anersetic????   ????  canÅft  here still  I know that   wostoe  there  nopele  struggle  in  school and  I feel  bad  foe them.  There are times that start to feel impatient when there are other people????  that are impatient. Its  worst  is  I sat  impatient  with them  and I set  frustrate  because  no  matter  ????  ??   times  I  tell them to   stre tuppin, there pencil  as  to stop complaining  the just  donÅft  stop.  I guess what  IÅfm saying  is  that  every  bodys different some  people  are  quiet and  someone   but, some  peak are  atutatic while  others  are  academic.  Is no different with patience"	14
"A time when I was patient was when I was at my football and the defence hid the was in and I was waiting to go back in. Then finally my friend @PERSON1 intercepted the ball an dthe offense including me ?n in on the field, and then they had me run it up the middle and I scored and then we passed it for the two point conversion and it came to me but it was high and it tipped it then it came right down in my hands and I got it but then I had to wait again because the defence ?? back in but then it was half time. I am the kick returne and we got the ball as I got the kick and returned it all the way for a touchdown and it was really cool because my tem was bleding and I broke a lot of tackles. Then it was the @DATE1 the all the other ?? we doing kneeing it and finally my ?? swotted the pass and if one a ?? the my team jumped on it and we had the ball then our full back got a pass and got the game wining touch down and thats atime when I had to be patient"	17
"Patience is a very important virtue. It is valued in at least these @NUM1 aspects of life: success and friendship. If you do not possess patience no one will want to be your friend. You have to have patience with your friends or they will not be your friends. I know this from experience. In order to succeed in life in general you must have patience. Whether is waiting for the bus or waiting for a response from a job interview, itÅfll always matter. So, in conclusion, I think that patience is a very, very important thing to have."	8
"There I was at @CAPS1 @CAPS2 on a @DATE1 standing in the blazing sun. I could feel the sweat drip off my face. I looked ahead there was a least two hours left for standing in line for the roller coaster. The @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5. @CAPS7 was silent because they were getting irritable. All of a sudden this guy screamed, Åg@CAPS6 up!Åh @CAPS7 in line started screaming at each other except for me. I didnÅft want to yell because it would get @CAPS7 worked even more. A hour later everybody chilled out. Then I looked ahead. @CAPS10 were almost to the front. I wiped my face and smiled. Then I said, Åg@CAPS8 hoo!Åh @CAPS7 looked at me like I was from a different planet.  My ??  Ågwhat?Åh my mom asked.  Åg@CAPS10Åfre almost to the front!Åh I replied.   Then @CAPS10 were next to go on the ride. When @CAPS10 entered the ride I fastened my seat. Next the ride took off! The breeze felt good against my face. When the ride ended I said, Åg I knew patients: would pay off.Åh That is the time I had to have patients."	24
I was patient when I was at home yesterday watching the movie called @CAPS1. So I waited for a long time until the food was ready and he?? I was so interested in the movie that I couldn`t get my eyes of the t.v because the movie was so good until when I was really hungry then after that I had a second plate after that second plate I didn`t get to eat the rest of my food. And I didn`t complain that I was hungry.	10
In this narrative essay I will write about @NUM1 different times when I was out had to be patient. Such on the waiting to get out of school on a holiday. And when I had to wait until my mom woke up to go to the mall so I could get my game. Another thing I had to wait for was to get my final so as in the ??? all these times I had to be understanding. One day  I was very anxious to get out of school on a firday. And to make it I bad the clack was drare and I had  a planned schedule of my think day. When one thought passed by there like another set  in thinking for way I can stare at the abat and it would change. I was about to get a call home but the @CAPS1.A saved me. And I had to be understanding about that moment. Another time I had to be understanding about was when I had to wait until my mom woke up so I could go to the mall. See what had happened was I got a @NUM1 @NUM3 last year on my report and a new game was coming out so I wanted it. My mom was asleep it was almost impossible to wake her up because she went to the club the night before. And that was the time I had to be patient.	15
"A time I was patient is now @DATE1. The reason is because I am waiting for @CAPS1 new phone. See in @DATE2, I spelled orange juices on @CAPS1 phone. Everybody would call me weired and responsible. At first @CAPS1 phone was fine and everything alright. Then one day @CAPS1 speaker stopped working. I could call anyone or  listen to music. @CAPS1 heart sank. I quickly ran to @CAPS1 dad and told him about @CAPS1 problem. He first lasted and shook his head. Then grabbed @CAPS1 phone to test it. After he disconnected it did not work, his face was shocked. He then asked me how did that happen. Now at the time I was so stunned,so i couldnÅft figure it. Then the image of me spilling the orange juice came to mind. Something told me to keep this from @CAPS1 dad. I told anyway, and he laughed. I looked at him with a why are you laughing dad. He said ÅgYou are going to have to wait until I get the money.Åh @CAPS1 face was calm but here I am still waiting for the phone."	16
Being patient is about waiting your turn @CAPS1 being cleam you don't complain about waiting likeÅc. being patient throw the day and waiting for school to get out. Not complaining about school being to long or fakeing sick just to go home or fakeing pinkeyeÅc. Ect. You mue to wait for school to get out Being Patient isn't wait for something to  get over @CAPS1 can be about wait for lines. Waiting to use some thing..Ect. Not all people are patien. I not a very patien person when @CAPS1 comes to getting home on time! I don't like waiting for people or @CAPS2 or food! I'm very patien when @CAPS1 comes to shots or anything to do with doctors.	9
Patience is a very good thing that I and a lot of people lack. One person that does not lack patience is the head coach of the @LOCATION1 @ORGANIZATION4 @PERSON1. @PERSON1 has been very patient for the past couple years. He did not try to make his team be better than they were he just had them try their @CAPS2 and see what the end result was. The @ORGANIZATION4 ended up going @NUM1 that year and by getting the second worst record in the national @ORGANIZATION3 they got the second pick in the twenty tend @ORGANIZATION6 draft. In that draft the @ORGANIZATION4 took @ORGANIZATION5 an defensive lineman out of the @ORGANIZATION2. He is an outstanding player and the @ORGANIZATION4 other pick was a fast running back named @CAPS1 @CAPS2 out of the @ORGANIZATION1. @PERSON1's team is so good this year because of @PERSON1's patience with his team and his understanding of his player's talents.	18
"Have you ever had enough patients to deal with @NUM1 screaming  kids. I,can proudly say that i can. It all started when my uncle steve and @CAPS1 @PERSON1 decided to move to @LOCATION1. They needed alot of help so my @CAPS1 @DATE1 decided to take all five of her kids and my sister and I down to @LOCATION1 to help them. The only problem was there where @NUM2 kids and only @NUM3 her. So we packed up all of our bags and headed out. My @CAPS1 @DATE1 has an expedition car so all @NUM2 of us could fit. But,it didnt take long  for everybody to get uncomfortable. Everybody starts to feel smocshed in and get really hot. So all of the @NUM1 kids start fighting. My @CAPS1 @DATE1 got real stressed real fast. I thank god that there was atleast a @CAPS5.V in that car. But I was sitting in the front so I didnÅf@CAPS5 get to watch it. After about @NUM1 hours IÅfd had enough. My legs were getting all cramped up, and the constant motion was making me dizzy. By now we had been driving about @NUM7 hours, only having one rest stop. It was dark out now. We were the only ones on the road at the moment. I sank lower in my seat. Then @CAPS6. Everybody screamed, even my @CAPS1 @DATE1. At first I thought we got into a car accident, but when I opened my eyes I was alive. We had hit a deer. It slid across the hood of the car! Finally after about @NUM8 hours we reached @LOCATION2@NUM9. It was @NUM10 in the morning! I ended up surprising myself with how much patients I had. After that I dont think that I want to go on a roadtrip again."	18
"HereÅfs a story about time when I was patient. So the story begins at art prize and loved to see the beautiful art there, but I was dieing to see the winnig picture for art prize. My parent told me to wait until we all see the rest of the art prize amazing art. So I signed and replyed ok we can see the rest of the art prize things first.  While we were looking at the art the whole time I was thinking about the winning piece. That is all I thought about. ??? A little bit later. I was thinking of what a blessing it is to be here at art prize. So I checied up and disieded patience is good. And if you wait for something for a while it all of a sodden it seems more valuable.  A couple hours later I started to head to the car, and my mom intrupted and said, Åg@CAPS1 donÅft you want to see the winning piece of art?Åh Åg@CAPS2 yes I forget.Åh@CAPS3 there is not a line now so when we go to see it there was no line. I was the most amazing thing I have ever seen. It was a picture of sergeants drawn out of just a pencil. That day I learned that patient is important, because that way it was worth the wait to see something that you like."	24
On my way to @STATE1 I was patient because I had to wait for the buses. I also ??? On some stops it ?? buses @NUM1 it o @CAPS1 hes to got ??? those haves I was so tired that ?? bus got the I fell asleep.	8
"One day a kid was going to school @CAPS4 was going to turn in a paper for math @CAPS2 @CAPS4 did. During @CAPS1 class @CAPS4 was doing a chapter sketch. His teacher called him over. The teacher said do you have, a page of a story that was due a month ago. @CAPS4 said ÅgnoÅh teacher asked ÅgwhyÅh the kid said Ågbecause I have been going to a basketball tournament.Åh teacher said Ågyou have tell tomorrow.Åh @CAPS2 the next day the kid is at @CAPS1 class @CAPS4 said ÅgIÅfm @CAPS2 sorry I donÅft have my paper.Åh teacher asked ÅgwhyÅh Ågbecause my grampa died.Åh teacher said Ågokay tomorrow.Åh @CAPS2 the kid got his paper done."	10
"Åg@CAPS1 are we there yet?Åh I keep asking over and over again. Åg@CAPS2 but almost,Åh he replied. Today we are going to @LOCATION1 adventures and I am so excited! After I asked my @CAPS1 when we would be there, about @NUM1 minutes later we finally arrived at @LOCATION1 adventures! The line  to get are tickets was long but not to long. Once we get them we went to go look for a lock to put all of are stuff in! The line far that wasnÅft long so we did that fast! We were now all hungry, so we went to go eat! The time we got into the restaurant, the lines to order were very long! Ok, so now that we are all done eating, it was time to ride some awesome e rides! Åg@CAPS3, man!Åh is what I would get saying when the lines to the rides were super long! But so far I have been a very patient girl! But, ok say I had to go change my clothes to go into the water park and change back or go to the restroom man these lines were super long too! Now that the day is almost done, and the park will be closing, my family and I arent into the gift shop: we were in the for about @NUM1 minutes waking around. When we were done and we were ready to check out, the check out line wasnÅft long at all! Finally, there was a line that wasnÅft long! All that day I was a very patient girl! Between everything that went on throughout that day!"	19
"Sometimes being patient is hard @CAPS5 IÅfve had to do it a lot of times. One time in particular was very life changing for me. It was my favorite day of the year, my birthday. IÅfve always waited for this day long and hard every year until it comes. I got up really early to see @CAPS3 my presents @CAPS5 their were none. My mom was just watching @CAPS1.V. like nothing was important and I said to her, Åg@CAPS2.Åh @CAPS3 she said back was Åg@CAPS2, why are you up this early?Åh I just went back to sleep. When I woke up again, nothing happened. So I just waited patiently in my room until something happened, @CAPS5 nothing. Eventually I went downstairs and played video games until @NUM1, just waiting for someone to say Åghappy birthdayÅh @CAPS5 yet, nothing. So I just acted like it was a normal day until @NUM2: pm when I went in the basement. There was a surprise birthday party for me with presents and friends and everything. I was glad I was patient I got a good party and now IÅfm patient every day."	17
"Everyone is patient one time in their life. I remember I was every patient one day when I was ten year old. It was all because of popcorn. A small little popcorn cernal cought in my throught .That was an aginizing day, but I was very patient. One day, about two year ago when I was ten years old swallowed a popcorn cernal after going to a movie. I remember eating one last piece of popcorn from the popcorn box then trowing the box away. Well right as soon as I and walked out the door and eaten my popcorn peice did it start to bother me. My mom and I waked in the target nearby to get some supplies and do some errands. I started to get really thirsty because of the popcorn cernal. I asked my mom if she would buy me a drink because of how thirsty was but she said she only had a credit card. That meant she could by her things but she could not buy a pop. I understood. So I just tried not to think about it. This was very hard. Soon we pulled up to our next mandd, the bank. My mom needed to get some money to pay off my tennis instructer. I asked her if she could please hurry because the popcorn cernal and lack of thirst was hurting me. She said she was going as fast as she could and that we were only a few minutes away from home. I knew that we were more like fifteen minutes away not just a few, but I didn't argue. The cernal and thirst was starting to get to me. It felt like it had been three hours but it had only been fifteen minutes by the time we finally got home. I threw the door open and ran inside to get some water. I ran, and opened the fridge opened a bottle of water and hugged the whole thing down. Then I went outside to help my mom bring in the supplies and things then drank more water with a smile. In conclusion we all learnt to be patient sometimes. I was patient to get home and drink some water. I am always patient and when it pays off I am always happy."	21
"Patience is waiting without complaining to do something you want to do. When I was at an outdoor mail with my mom, two older sisters, younger brother, niece, and dog, I waited patiently to go to the @ORGANIZATION1 store to try out the iPad. When I did, I realized that the iPad is awesome! After ward, we went to get ice cream. My little brother got a root beer flavored slushie, my niece, dog, and I got vanilla ice cream. After I finished my ice cream I put the container on the ground and let my dog lick the rest from the bottom. We had spent @NUM1 hours there! What a surprise! Then we went home!"	17
Pg @NUM1: @CAPS1 her crying! I just wanted to get out of the car and walk home. There were @NUM2 of us in a suburban that were all smushed together! So we couldnt even more our arms I felt like I was locked in jail with chains on me. It was @NUM3 oclock in the morning and I saw a big sign that read welcome to @CAPS2. So at that point we only had a hour or so left I was so excited. We finally made it to our destination key wrap. It was the longest trip of my life! But I tryed my hardest to stay patient and wait. But in the long run I realized I didnt are and I had a whole weekend of waves and a temperature of @NUM4Åã@CAPS3 degrees. When I thought about how long it was to get here I didnt even want to think about how long it is going to take to get home! But how I know I have the patients to go home!	24
Patience is something or someone who like waiting for someone or something patience part of life I sometime donÅft have patience but I should have patience without patience you will get not because something in lift you have to want for and that is why you should have patience.	6
"Real @CAPS3 was one of fastest runners in @LOCATION1. No one could catch him beat him in a race, or even sneak up on him. This made him very, impatient. Even when his friends and family spoke to him, this is what they pleaded like to him. ""@CAPS1Åc@CAPS2Åc @CAPS3Åc@CAPS4Åcare ÅcYouÅcdoing?"" @CAPS2 @CAPS3 was furious with the fact that no one was as fast as he was. So he ran away. He ran away. He ran as fast as possible. It only took him @NUM1 minutes and he was already in @LOCATION2. In @LOCATION2, he said that people didn't walk and was fast as he could. But that didn't when him team talk to them. For sure where can I find nement  @CAPS6?"" The @CAPS7 responded. ""@CAPS8ÅcchÅc.firstÅcehÅc.youÅc.turnÅc.ehÅc.bestÅcch""   @CAPS9 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 screamed he had to believe that no one was as fast as he was. So he just had to be patient"	19
"That's gotta hurt! every buy to wait. If you have ever played a contact sport you know that you get hurt, have to wait for it to get better, and then you can play again. When you sprang your ankle it hurts a lot. After is prang it l had to go to the doctor witch as all ways you have to wait forever, but sometimes its worth it. Once you get in the nurse asked you a few questions then you have to wait even more now @CAPS1! But atleast you eventually find out whats wrong, after the doctors came in they had to take x-rays witch took a while to develop. but I finally got them back and discover it was only a sprang. After it got all better my football coach said that I will only be a back up in the game because he doesn't want my ankle to get hurt again. But at the end of the @DATE1 he let my play! I guess thats what I got for waiting patiatley all game."	14
"Patience is one of the worlds most important lifeskills. Having my best friend live across the street is great. He has @NUM1 older sister, named @LOCATION1. @LOCATION1 was blessed with downs syndrom. This basically means she doesnÅft understand things as fast as you and I. You also can see it from the way she acts. @LOCATION1 is one of the happiest people I have ever met. Knowing @LOCATION1 as well as I do also comes with a downside. You need to be extremely patient. When talking to her, lots of people would give up and leave because she doesnÅft get it, but her closest friends have developed patient like no other kind. Having @LOCATION1 as my neighbor is one of the greatest things that could have happened. She has made me a master at one of the most important lifeskills. @LOCATION1 is a wonderful person and, I guess a great teacher, but when you are having a bad day, be grateful because not everyone is as blessed as you."	17
A time I was begin patient was when I was in line to go se @CAPS1 @CAPS2 the line was so long I was dideing to leve but I did not whant to lose my place in line so when I got in the pace the line was longer than out side so I was patient so when I got in the movie was over I was so mad that I got home and whit to sleep.	10
"Today I had to @CAPS1 Patient @CAPS2 of the meap. The meap is a @NUM1 to @NUM2 day @CAPS3. It has writing, reading, math. It is the hardest thing you will have to do in school. I think it is the hardest thing in life, but it helps you learn a lot more and it might help with your future jobs."	12
"I think patience comes into role in a lot of places. For example you have to be patient to get a job or else the boss will kick you right out of the building without saying one word to you. Another place you would have to be patient to be successful. If you moan and groan because something is taking too long to happen, thats not patience. The better thing to do would be to get up and try to do something about it. Lastly if you have to wait for it not get it right away, if you money from your job you donÅft just go rob the place you have to be patient and you have to wait."	10
"Patience is having control over yourself write you wait. In order to be patient you have  to wait until whatever you are waiting on is done. @CAPS1 means to have composure over yourself. Fon example if you go to the doctor office for a yearly check up , you have to sit in the waiting room for at reast one hour before they call your name. But patience is sometimes. Like when you are waiting on a pizza restaurant to deliver your pizza @CAPS1 takes about @NUM1 minutes, but you ask me, an @CAPS1 is ,is something someone mode up. Not that people have patience"	17
"One time I was patient. I donÅft want a birthday party. So my mom and dad talked about it. So my mom and I went to @LOCATION1, we got to play almost all the games (didn`t went to play the dum ones) and rode on the go carts twice, then we went and bought a new video games and some new dirt biking gloves. That was a time I was patient so I could do something fun."	12
I was a patient in the doctors  office so I do belive. I was a patient becouse I sprins my knc once and freshed my my coluler @CAPS1 that what make me a patient. I amost forget about the lumpnote in my neck so I am up utent to my doctor.	8
"I am patient every thanks giving and @CAPS1. I have to be patient every thanks giving. I get so hungry I start to whine and I have to ??? ??? On thanks giving we ??? ??? ??? ??? and ??? ??? as ??? ??? the turkey. I get so excited I just keep sniffing. Then oh I can now tell you about the dessert I love it but we ??? like an hour after so IÅfm hungry then too I very thanks giving ??? house my ??? home made apple pie, oh as corn as they walk in I jump up and down. At @CAPS1 I have to be patient because I always and to sun what presently I get I search ???? ?? with my name on it. If I find are that is  ??? my parents or grandparents tell me we have to ??? firster. Come the there as I have to open my stocking."	15
"I walked into the big open room. The smell of crayon, animal crackers and dirt overcome the air and hit my nose like a big wave rolling in from the sea. I take my first nervous steps into the room. The floor is covered with toys and a lot of crayons. The kindergartengs are running around screaming like little animals that hear d they were about to be eaten for dinner. The teacher is standing right in the middle of it all. She has a distant look in her eyes and she looks like sheÅfs about to cry. When she sees me and my name tag her face lights up a little bit. She practicly runs at me with arms open. The teacher introduces herself then says theyÅfre all mine. I never would have realized student teaching would have me doing so much teaching. I knew IÅfd do a little but as the teacher introduced herself, then said she was leaving and I had to teach them the alphabet. So I was stuck with @NUM1 kids and a Ågwar.Åh I eventually, with some grabbing and pulling involved, get the kids to sit down criss-cross apple sauce on the floor. ItÅfs too bad I underestimated how wild they were. As I begin, one of kids starts throwing toys at me, so as calmly as possible I half growled,Åh @CAPS1 @PERSON1, thatÅfs not nice, please stop.Åh @CAPS2 stops for about @NUM2 way too short seconds. So this repeats and I end up doing this with all the wild eyed, crazy haired dwarfs.Iit took a lot of stinking patience to get them to finally sit still. We got to about @CAPS3 when the kinds got fussy again. At that point I was feeling more like a babysitter than a teacher. I was gradually understanding how that teacher was willing to leave. Finally I get that light bulb going off in my head feeling I run to my purse grab my bag of candy and say, Ågwhen we finish learning the alphabet A-@CAPS4, anyone who can say the whole thing will get a piece of candy!:Åh I realized tothem thatÅfs like gold to an adult. I was amazed and couldnÅft believe my ears. Every kid learned A-@CAPS4, I actually ran out of candy, although it took a lot of patience and pointless bicking. When the bell rings I hastily leave to go home. It took a lot of patience but I did it, and reward myself. I slept!"	24
"One time I should patient was when I friend same thy that I wanted for long time. As soon as I got here I charged towards the computer to see did was still available. ""@CAPS1."" I sad try am plently, it was still there. It had taken me sad a long time to sort up for it. As I quickly went thought the order into I was thinking ""@CAPS2 is will be so am some once I get @CAPS2."" @CAPS3 I pressed the conform order but @CAPS3 and. they got the also and now for the hard part the wating. I went school the next day and the next, and for a week @CAPS2 continued till I thought was how coal it would be to finly get @CAPS2. I took the long buss ride home. @CAPS3 got off waiting when it would come. I surged over to the mail box to get the mail and I found a box. My heart hoped and beat faster @CAPS3 I ran inside and ward it up and there, it was my @CAPS4 new I pad buck I was so, so happy and all of ""my patience had payed off I had got it."	19
"On a morning @DATE1 when every one of my family members wake up at @NUM1 or @NUM2 oÅfclock am. Me my brother and my sisters told my mom Ågcan @CAPS4 play the @CAPS1 and the labtop.Åf @CAPS2 said sure but you guys have to wait until each otherÅfs turnÅh and @CAPS4 said Ågok.Åh @CAPS3 the @CAPS4 played it. Each person had one and a half hour to play on both things .I let my brother and sister s play first because IÅfm the oldder one and I have to wait ptiencetly until it was my town. Well until it was my turn @CAPS4 wood have to take playing the game on the things, @CAPS4 wold do that until the day was done. Or until tomoro was done. That wold be it until next @DATE2 or until @CAPS4 can play it again.  And thatÅfs what I say I do as being patience at home and the respect my brother and sisters."	15
"Patient is when you are listening  and tolerant of how someone feels. My mom and  dad are very patient @CAPS1 me and my sister .my siter  just came and moved it @CAPS1 us  she ia @NUM1 years old. She came @CAPS2 live @CAPS1  us .ItÅfs hard @CAPS1 a new person in the the family you always have @CAPS2 get one extra thing like a extra plate, spoon  fork pizza, supplies and thing  she need for school. Since we have @CAPS2 grt stuff we have @CAPS2 work harder my sister dosenÅft do all the things that I m used @CAPS2 my parents are more patient and forgving @CAPS2 her but I know why.sometime my mom and dad all cvantg and mean but the she would  I would get in trouble for sheÅfs older thas me but is not used @CAPS2 the way we can do things around  are home. I look up @CAPS2 my parents they are so nice @CAPS2 everyone and even ??? itÅfs different  know they are  still  patient."	15
"(waiting) (healt beatina ) Åg@CAPS1 @CAPS2. @CAPS3 is your repolt cordsÅh. said @PERSON2hemlock. I @PERSON1 was the last one in line. Åg@CAPS3 you go @PERSON1 @CAPS11 AÅf@CAPS12, keepup the good work!Åh said @PERSON2. Åg@CAPS4!!!!Åh I said screaming happily I ran home going straitght AÅf@CAPS12Åh Åg@CAPS5 @CAPS6 @PERSON1.Åh @CAPS7 mom aya said . I called @CAPS7 @CAPS9 @CAPS8 saying, Åg@CAPS9. I @CAPS10 @CAPS11 AÅf@CAPS12! but can I older something from the internet for @MONEY1?Åh Åg@CAPS13 why not for a @CAPS11 AÅf@CAPS12 tudent. I placed @CAPS7 order and I waited @NUM1 week itÅc???"	17
"Patience is probalbly  one of the most important things in your life. If you are patient, most people will probalbly like you more, for example, if you are in line for something at school, and you were patient, you will probalbly get a Åg@CAPS1 youÅh from one of your teachers for being so patient. You always have to be patient, weather or not if it is at school, an ammusinent park rideÅfs line in front, and behind a bunch of people, you will want to be patient, because if you are are not, you wouldnÅft want to lose it in front of all of those people and cut in front of them, and possibly get thrown out of the ammusmend park in front of all those people, then, you would be emborresed. This is why I think patience is important."	10
"The first time I ever was patient before is when I had to wait @DATE1 years to get @DATE1 film out of my camera my mom always promises me to get the film but sense her money was use on ??? She told me to wait @DATE1 @DATE1. So I waited @DATE1 @DATE1 have crine up and this is what happened I ask my mom again can I get my film out of my camera. She said no because she used her money??? school supples. I was happened to wait another @DATE1 @DATE1 so @DATE1 @DATE1 came again. I ask her and she said no because once again she spend her money no paying people back from them helping her out like any dad. So I had to wait until next @NUM1 @DATE1 so I waited, and waited, and finally @NUM1 @DATE1 has pass and she forgets so she had to get groceries. So @DATE1 I ask her one more time and she said. Yes but she had to pay my dad back on helping her and after that she said after school I??? bringing my film out to buy. So how now told you how??? I have waited to do that also had to get a new diginal camera because it has been droped to many time."	15
"One time I was on my way to the bus stop, and I had got their @NUM1 minutes before the bus came so I sat their and I looked at my watch it was @NUM2 minutes past the time I was support to get picked up so I waited and waited so I boked at my watch again it was @NUM3 minutes pass the time I was support to be on the bus. So I was growing in nation but I had thought well buses are???  I sat back down and I wanted because I????was going to ??? and I grew very patient and after @NUM4 more minutes the bus had came, and it had let me on free because I was the only person who  stayed at the stop? So when I got back home my mom asked me how did it in gow I said the bus was late @NUM5 minutes  she said what did you do I said I waited and they let me on free she said that is what you get for being patient."	15
"I want to go see a movie. There are no movies here at home I want to see. Åg@CAPS1 dad can I go to the movies with someone?Åh I asked. Åg@CAPS2!.Åh @CAPS3 answered. I looked up what movies were in and their was a pretty good selection. I pick the movie I wanted to see. Then I realize I need someone to go with me. I called up my friend @CAPS4 and asked her if she wanted to go see the movie I wanted to see. Ended up she wanted to see it to so, she said yes. After that I got something to eat and relaxed. All over a sudden, it time to leave. I was running behind. I ready really quickly and went and picked up @CAPS4. Unlike me she was calm and patient. In her place I wouldnÅft have been. ThatÅfs one of the reason why I like @CAPS4 as a friend."	18
"Patience. Wow, you want critism; are you sure? WeÅfll since you asked for it,  it looks like IÅfm have to give it to you. Patience is @CAPS2 my cousins, uncles, aunties and even you and I need (@CAPS1 in these days and times. We about need it every day.) @CAPS2 does the key word patience mean? Patience means that you are understanding and tolerant.  Also it means you experience difficulties without complaining. Or in my own words, long suffering and also are able to wait until @CAPS2 you want is done. Being patient is something that I am not all the time but, need to be. Like my daddy say to me all the time you are not going to always get or receive everything you want to so youÅfll have to learn patience. That is one word I do not like @CAPS1 when its something I really want.so that is my story about patience explained my way."	9
My story of when I was patient was when me and my family were going to the monster jam. It was one of the most exciting things of my life. But the trip there was almost @NUM1! then it took half an hour to find a place to park. Then eleast @NUM2 minutes for my moms friends to show up. And finally an hour in line. Last but not leas @NUM3 minutes to find our seat! thank you for listening to  my report about patience and sitting through it!	15
One day my family and I all went to @CAPS1 point. I was so excited. When we arrived I rushed out the car. We got our ticket and a map then we decided what ride we wanted to go on. We were gonna go on the @CAPS2 dragon there was such a long line. It felt like wasnÅft even moving. I was as patient as can be. I was so excited to try this ride the family finaly moved up bup bup finally!!! We were next. We all got in our seats and made sure we were backled in nice and tight. The roller coaster was about a couple minutes long it was worth the wait. That was the time is was patient.	17
"Patience you should have patience to whatever it cames to. If you donÅft have patience here are somethings that can happen, once my sisters firend was wanting to cross the rode and she didnÅft want to wait so she didnÅft look both ways and a car was caming and she ran out in frot of it and got hit by the car. She had cuts and rode burn all over she was took to the hispoteli where me and my sister and mom went to go see her the day of the acciecd. She was all cut up and couldnÅft really walk. She had so much cuts that someone had to help her walk so later maybe a mouth after she got hit she went the docthers because she kept getting really bad head acts. They said she had something called coma atices like she had a lilttlel coma. So thatÅfs what happens when you donÅft have patience even over something so samll like crossing the road you have to patience for that to. But if you have patience good things like a story like this once my mom told me to wait in the car and have the windows up and have the air on. So I did I was getting really bored and I was about to get out but then I seen to guys trying to open a car window. So I garbed my cell phone and went to the back and sat down on the gorond and called @NUM1. They were on the way they were in the drive way. Now they got out of there cars and ran over to the guys and get them, they soon found out that the @NUM2 guys were guys they been looking for so I got a money awared for catching them. The money awared was @NUM3 dollars. So my patience of not geting out of the car got me money. Saved my live because they would have killed me if they seen me, and helped find bad guys. So something patience can save lifes and help find bad guys you never know what you could get from having patiences, so thatÅfs my story about have patienes and what they can gave you. So you should always have patiences."	11
I was patient when I was in school when my teacher left the room. The kids started going crazy and they were standing on tables. Throwing paper @ORGANIZATION1 planes and paper in the @ORGANIZATION1. The kids were screaming and I was just sitting there waching as the teacher comes in and sees what is happening. I am just sitting there as I am amazd how stuiped they are acting. Then I am waching them get in trouble and get calls home. I am thinking good thing I was not part of it because I might get kicked from the cross country team. The kids are getting suspened for lunch. I hope that this never happens to me again because I was just a witness  thet can get the kids in even more troubley.	17
"Playing hockey is importint to me. I am a goaltender playing for farmington hills. Playing goal takes skill having Ågthick skinÅh and most impotantly being patient. Every game day @CAPS2 dad tells me Ågbe cool, calm and colectedÅh the three @CAPS1Åfs (as I call it). I step on the ice and wait patiently for the puck to come @CAPS2 way. Once it does I am in action. The pirod ends and I wait patiently. The second pirod is here I stand waiting  the drop of the puck hopeing we scare. @CAPS3!!! @CAPS3!!! @NUM1 to @NUM2 @CAPS2 patientness helped itÅfs @NUM1 to @NUM2! The third pirod comes @CAPS3!! Big @CAPS4 by @ORGANIZATION1 (thats me)! @CAPS3!! Goooaaalll!! @NUM5 to @NUM2. thats it the game is over! I wated patiently to get that win aganst the @LOCATION1. After the game we all go and party at @CAPS5 @CAPS6Åfs house to celebrate a big win. And we all had a really great time doing it too."	19
This one time my brother and I were coming back from @LOCATION1. Everything was fine until the car broke down on the free way. So we called our parents to come get us. Well when they got there they forgot the cabols. So just as they were getting to us they left. So @NUM1 hours went by hear they come. I said did you remember to get every thing. They shook their head yes hooked up the car and a way we went.	15
"A time when I was patient was when I was waiting at the dentist for my brother. My brother name is @CAPS1 and he is sixteen. One day we went to the dentist. My brother had to get his wisdom teeth pulled. My grandma and @CAPS2 waiting for hours. After a while, she went to the backroom with my brother. So I was sitting in the waiting room alone. Thankfully I had my @CAPS3 so I watched a few cartoons and listened to music. A few minutes later I went to the bathroom. When I got out a nurse told me to come with her, she lead me to the backroom with my brother and my grandma. I learned that the doctor didnÅft even start yet! At least I could talk to my brother. So for what seemed like days the doctor finally showed up. After a hour or so the operation was over. Then we had to sit and wait for the amnesia to wear off. My brother was acting loopy and crazy. It was actually funny. Finally we left and I didnÅft lose my patience."	18
"A time when I was patient was when my dad and I went to leslie, to go hunting we wake up @TIME1 @TIME3 and get there @TIME1 @TIME4. We staid there until @TIME1 then we left. When we were there my dad shot a doe @TIME1 @NUM1 in the merking. He short another doe @TIME1 about @NUM2 in the @TIME2, so we left with two big does in the back of my dads truck. That was a time that I was very patient."	16
"When I had to be patient, was when I wanted a psp. So there was a time when I wanted a psp so bad so I ask my parents, they said I had to wait till @CAPS1. But I really wanted it but I decided to wait for a long time and I finally got a psp."	11
"School. In school you have to keep patient. By the of the day you ran out of patient. You would be try to tolerate you patiens. Most of day it will be fun. Maye if you go along with it you will be cool and stay patient. But patient is something I do when it come to  ??? lunch, and the bathroom. See every day a have to tolerate people who up to the bathroom when need to go I have to wait @CAPS1 I start to get hungry. I need lunch I have to wait for that to. Once I eat I have to be patient for gym. I have to be patient every day of the week. I need to tolerate all of it weekly. The end bye bye."	10
"It was a nice warm sunny @DATE1 day!!! We decided we could go pick up every one from my dads house and go to the genesee county farm. We got to my dads house and pick up my step brother, step sister, real brother, step mom, and my dad. We start heading to the genesee county farm. We started walking around waiting to see if it was going to rain. If it was going to rain that would be a waist of money. We walk up to the ticket booth to see if we could come back tomorrow with the same wrist bands if it starts raining. They said no so we decided to stand there and wait a little bit longer then it starts poring down rain. We had to go sit in this metal barn until the rain stopped. Meanwhile the barn starts flooding. Then we get phone calls saying that tornados just hit a few miles away. Finaly it stopped raining and we all go back outside. We waited for the rides to start back up. Once they finally started back up the rain started back up. So we all ran to the car. We were soaking wet. We decided to stop trying on the fair and do something else. So instead we all went out and ate toco bell and burger tong."	17
A time when I was patient is when I had pink eye. I was patient because my family went on vaction to @CAPS1. The first night we got there my eye was starting to itch and became all red. So we decided the next morning that we would take me to the doctors office but there wasnÅft one around but we found an ergent care. So we went there. We waited in the waiting room. Finally the nurse called out @ORGANIZATION1. So we went into the room. We told her we needed eye drops for me. She said ok IÅfll be right back. Then me and my mom and I were waiting and waiting for the nurse to come back. An hour went by and we were still waiting. I was getting really unpatient. Then finally she came back and told us that she was working on another patient and told us once again she will be right back and told us the doctor would be in there soon. We said ok. Once again two hours went by and we were still waiting. Finally the doctor came with us and told us he was gonna bring my prescription. Then yes he did come right back. Then my family and I left to go back to the hotel to gather our stuff to go to the campground. So that was a waste of @NUM1 hours of my vaction. ThatÅfs a time where I was patient.	17
"A time when I was patient is when I was at home watching my baby brother for for my mama so she can go grocery shopping and my brother was crying cuz @CAPS2 was sleepy, hungry so I put him to bed and I had to be patient cuz @CAPS2 was a bady and my mama was gown for a long time and she had to do other stuff like shop for clothes, @CAPS1, shoes, when my brother woke up @CAPS2 was cying and I couldÅfnt stop him from crying and when my mama pulled up @CAPS2 stop crying and @CAPS2 started laugh ThatÅfs a time when I was patient!"	10
I was patience when I had to wait in line for @NUM1 hours just to ride ???. Then I got on it took off @NUM2 miles pa hour. I was stuck to it for five minutes then it went down ??? @NUM2 miles pa hour. I got off and rode it miles cum force and I was faced to it. The drop is ??? . The ride was @NUM1 minutes long ??? @NUM5 people. I went on the powa hour it was sence. My ??? was the reply it was fun to. I came home as it was in the @TIME1. I woke up and ate breakfast. The whole time is waied patience in everyone.	13
"At one @CAPS2 in left you would have to be patient. Being patient means that you are understanding and tolerate. Somebody thatÅfs patient experiences difficulties without complaining. There was one @CAPS2 in life when I was patient. Yay! Yag! My mom is taking my friends and I to @CAPS1 @CAPS2. I called many friends, and told them if they wanted to go.  Meanwhile, we packed up some water bottles and hopped into the can. We were all looking out the window. OMG! Look at those big roller coasters. One of my friends shouted out. There we were at @CAPS1 @CAPS2; the first ride I saw was the @CAPS3. The highest and fastest roller coaster there well, it only lasted @NUM1 seconds. So we were all talking about it, then we decided to go on it. Wow! The line is huge. We all said. I shouted out its ok, I heard its an awesome ride lets just all be patient. Meanwhile, we waited and waited, until we were finally the next people to ride. We went on the ride, and then all of a sudden the ride start, we didnÅft know and it only lasted @NUM1 seconds. We waited about two hours but it was worth it. In conclusion, I really do think that being patient is a good thing in life, even if it takes hours. I learned so much from just going on the @LOCATION1, we should all be patient because no matter where you are, you will always need to be patient."	16
one time I was in  patient. We was an are way to see the point. The had family was with us. We all was in @NUM1 car and vans. I was like and the van @NUM2 and the car and @NUM3 in the car.  It was like a @NUM3 hour drive. I was in the car with my mom and @NUM1 sister. We was and takere for like a hour. First I was on the fane then I was just having a family talk bye like an hour I was so in patient. And all I could here was my mom like be patient we gone get there. IÅfm like no no I want to be there @CAPS1. She like we got all day. Then we stop to get something to eat. Then we was there.	11
"Oneday at school @PERSON2 was waiting in line to get his lunch when out of the blue @NUM1 kids poped right infront of him. @PERSON1 said to the kid they you know you have to go to the back of the line right. Åg@CAPS1 we donÅft. Said the kid. Then a few minst later a girl named @PERSON4 (that @PERSON2  likes) was going to the way backof the line but @PERSON2 said she could cut in front of him. So she did. Once @PERSON1 and @ORGANIZATION1 got up to were they got there  food and they were waiting to pay for it, when the kid @NUM2 spots away from @PERSON4 coudenÅft remember his student @CAPS2 number to figuer out that he was a new student. So they had to make him. A sudent @CAPS2 number the he paid for his food. Fianlly they got through @PERSON4 sat down with had friends but @PERSON3 had @CAPS1 where to sit because his friends were outside. So @PERSON4 seen him and asked if he wanted to sit with her so he did. Fially he was done @PERSON4 asked if @PERSON1 wanted to hang out at recess and he said sure, but one of @CAPS3 friends was not done eating so they had to wait for her. When she was done the went outside this was done the went outside this was what @PERSON1 was waiting for the bell rang to go inside. He was mad but he got to hang out with @PERSON4 the whole time."	17
"I remember it all clear as glass ice. It was two summers ago when my mom, two brothers, and I went to @PERSON1 point. The car ride was about an hour and a half, maybe two hours. I was really excited about going on the new ride at @CAPS1 point- the @CAPS5. With nothing to do but listen to music and stare out the window, this car ride was turning into forever. Of course, once we got there we still had to go on lots of other rides. We usually start at the front and work hack, doing things in order. This I didnÅft mind since we went on mostly big rollar coasters with a few acceptions for rides like @PERSON2 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 @CAPS4, and @ORGANIZATION1. My mind was kept plenty distracted from the maverick with how mad, fun I was having at the time. Unfortunately, it became harder to keep my patience once we got to the @CAPS5 since  the line was nearly an hour and a half long. I guess that the line was to be expected considering that it was a new ride. After waiting for so long we finally got to the ride it. The @CAPS5 was amazingly epic. Finally, all of my patience had payed off, and I had a great day."	22
"One time I got in trouble for getting a @CAPS1 on my report card and my mom said I was grounded. I asked her how long I would be grounded. So I went up stairs to read a book. A hour later I came down and asked. How long am I grounded? She said I donÅft know how meny times do I have to ask you to tell. Sow I was buging her all day. She said I am running out of patients. I said can you just tell me she said okay. She pulled out a sheet of papper. I said what is that? She said I counted how many times you asked me. Twelve times ÅgyikesÅh! My said twelve days and that is final, I said okay. I think I lerend a lesson today? DonÅft bug your mom all day and do better in school!"	18
"A time when I was patient. Was when I went to the book story and I woned a book. I was at the book store and I wanted a book called tayler swift back at the @LOCATION1 as a school girl and my mom said if you are patient then yes, and I was so happy because she know I love tayler swift book and her life. As soon as I got it I stared reading it. My mom said thank you for being patient I was you welcome I said thank you for buying it. I have told my mom that if we could go to the book store and she said not today and I keep on asking and she said not and I keep on asking and she said maybe. So I was and the car listen to radio and we when to the mall and there was a book store in the mall and I ask if I could look around and my mom said yes and she said find the bok that you wonted I find it and she bote it. This is a time I was patient. One thing I learn is to be patient if you want something and dont keep asking."	14
"Patient can be a very hard thing for me to have at times. For example, when I go to resturaunts when we wait for our food I get board very easially. On time when I had a sore ankle from an injury in soccer. A couple months later, it still hurt in the same spot.@CAPS1 my mom set up an appointment with my doctor. When I did go to the doctor she felt for a lump or fracture in my ankle and said ÅgI donÅft think there is anything wrong, but we wonÅft be sure.Åh @CAPS1 she sent my mom and me to the urgent case out on @NUM1 with a note that said I needed an x-ray. After about a twenty five minutes car ride, we were there. When the kind lady checked us in we waiting in the x-ray waiting room. My mom texted my sister saying we would be a while. I had to have patient because we were waiting there for a whole hour! Clearly, this was a time I had to have patience because I was already nervous about a possible broken ankle."	19
"Sometimes its hard to be patient, especilly when you have to be tolerant to little kids. Well I have to do that sometimes, when I go to visit my little cousin, @ORGANIZATION1. @ORGANIZATION1 is eight years old and get on my nervers. She asks dumb questions and does stupid things and I don't like her at all. My mom says, ""When you grow up, you two will be best friends,"" @CAPS1, right, I don't think so. When ever I visit her I just have to tolerant her and be patient. For now I have to deal with her, but when we grow up we might become  friends, but maybe not."	14
"I was patient in gym class today for my shill test, I did great in got @NUM1 out of @NUM1. We have @NUM3 biols in my class so it was quiet the wait also when it was my town it took a half of a minute to do it. We wasted all have on the shill will and I was waiting to play dodge-ball all have.It starts because we didnÅft get to play dodge-ball. So I pretty much wasted my invite have on the shill test and it starts will tests my story, the end."	16
"ItÅfs about three @CAPS1 clock the clock tells me, but I canÅft go to sleep because my @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and I are going fishing. So  itÅfs eight @CAPS1Åfclock now my @CAPS2 was suppose to be here at seven, but my grandma kept say heÅfll be here, so I believe her but I was a little worried.Now itÅfs ten @CAPS1Åfclock in by know. IÅfm just furious I am about to cry, but my grandma said heÅfll be here, in I said, Åg@CAPS4 he wonÅft in went in my room then I realize he well be here he will be here.Then I heard the door open I ran in it was him I ran in said you finnaly came in we ate then I look outside in seen the boat. ThatÅfs a time I should patience."	15
"One day, just a few months ago, me, my brother, and my mom were writing in line to put school supplies. We were number @NUM1 and they just called @NUM2. It was around @PERCENT1 out and we had to stand there. It was so long the new battery I had just put in my @NUM3 went dead. It took areand @NUM4 hours just to get inside. Then there were even more lines! We barly got our things that day, but because we were patient, we did."	16
"I am   patient   at school a lot of the time. When I am not understanding something and my teacherÅfs or someone else is busy I will wait for however long. I need to, until   they are alone helping someone else. In   any of my classes I am patient most of the time. In art class we were making a box out of clay and I was behind a little because, I had in finish my project that was due the week before, so when I had started working on my box, I did as much as I could remeber from the art teacherÅfs demonstration. That was the start of it. So when I needed help I asked a friend that was done if they would help me get caught up, they said, yes, so I was getting help from them. When someone else asked for help. So she helped when. I wailed, it took about the whole hour but, I wailed and was patient with them. At the end   of the hour they still waent done so she said she would help me the next few days. I said alright and then I said, IÅfd see them the next day. The next day in art @PERSON1 helped me and when she took a break or worked on her own thing, I tried my best and waited patiently for her to help me again. @PERSON1 was almost done with her present but, I was still waiting, so I asked someone else until she was finished with her project. Finally, when she was finished she helped me with the rest of my boy. At the end of the hour I finished with it. Then we started a new project the next day that was simple. ThatÅfs not the only time but, itÅfs the most longest time I was patient with some one."	18
I think patience is like somebody or someone is waiting for someone to get out of the bathroom then the other person can go to the bathroom. Like I am not in patience because I want to go a store now but they said wait your patience. My whole family is not in patience but my friends are.	6
"Sitting in the car waiting for @CAPS2 mom to get out of the house and into the car.When she got in the ca    we were off.On the way to the???  For the @CAPS1 party I got pretty bored after about a couple minutes,when got out of midland I thought  it would go by preety fast but I was wrong it was slower than ever.I was bored out of @CAPS2 mind and the thing s that made it worse was that @CAPS2 little sisters were screaming in the back.So  then we stoped at a gas station witch felt like forever.I preety  much never talked the whole way up there I was trying to be patient but I  couldnÅft take it.I manged to calm myself down after about an hour of the girls screaming.They finally fall asleep.I just sat there loking out the window when we where about forty-five  minutes away it felt like we have been driving for days.It was probly like @NUM1 minutes away when the girls finally wake up.They started screaming ÅgAre we there yetÅh@CAPS2 mom and dad just keep saying Åg@CAPS3ÅhWhen we pulled into the drive way it was probly the happiest thing that happened hat day.I thought I was preety patient on the way up there but on the way back I might just sleep.At the party I was  patient  until we could open the presents.I freacked  out.I hope next time none of that will happen."	21
I was patient when my mom go to the stor she will go in the stor and get a basket she will take aill day in that stor in she will come out that stor with a basket fill up to the basket in I will be patient then she will go to a new stor do it agin	8
Over the @DATE1 me and my sister were going to go to the gnate wolf loge with one cosin grace and one ancul rege. But then he had to resceganal because his plain was going to be late. Then he had to rescegunal decas his car brock bown . Then we rented a car. Then we had to pick up my uncle @PERSON1 and we wen on one way. On one way than we got stoped by a cop and the cop gave us a tickit for speeding. We finaly arrived and it was the best two days of my life.	14
"A time when I am patient is at gymnastics. There is multiple ways you have to be patient at gymnastics. Your mind, and body have to be patient, and sometimes you have to be patient with the coach your mind has to be patient when you wish you do things but you really can`t. your body has to be patient when it feels like your ready to do a skill but your mind is telling you to stop and be patient. You have to be patient with the coaches because they are always helping. So sometimes you have to wait @NUM1 minutes until they can finally help you. Patience is a very important life skill that everybody needs to have."	13
"RREEE! The bus stopped. We were finally here!  It took lots of my patience  to stay quiet and not scream to the world. I had to be patient through the entire trip, so I had to learn a lot. On @DATE1, I was with a bunch of other fellow fifth graders. We were all divided into groups and unpacked and ready to go for our  three day stay at  @ORGANIZATION1.  I was so excited my friends told me to calm down and be patient. I felt a little embarrased  @CAPS4 I didnÅft care.  I finally snapped to it and kept my cool.  In @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 I was stuck ahead how to make my ??? of @ORGANIZATION1 & friend  in my group named @PERSON1  told me some ideas, @CAPS4 I wanted to have her @CAPS4 ??? @CAPS4 I stayed collected and listened to her ideas and I have to say, they werenÅft bad. I thought about ??? of the ??? and used it in my pamting. ??? now weÅfre at the nearly @NUM1 feet high ??? ladder  I  already took my ??? going up and zipping down the awesome get scary @CAPS3. I was now helping keep people up the ladder. I was patient @CAPS4 man, they took forever! I was about to scream at this one dude, @CAPS4 I said to myself Ågbe patient.Åh @CAPS4 this on kid named @CAPS5, sometimes he  just sat right on one of the big planks of word. I asked why he was doing that and I thought their response  was hilarious. They said he was trying to be like @CAPS6 and fly to the top. At the end of the three day field trip, my patience grew to the size of a spider monkey. And every time my patience would grow to the size of a drop of water, the spider monkey in my head would be trying to find a way out so they could knock the idiot out. I learned to have patience with someone, even if they were being a idiot and not moving fast enough, I would stay calm and make sure to not let the spider monkey hit somebody where it hurts most."	22
A time when I was patient was when I was at @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and I was waiting to get on the dragster the line was suppa long. We waited for @NUM1 hours long and we still was in line being patient. Finally we got up there and they said that the ride will be closed   for a while that have to check something and it took them a whole hour for them to fix it. So we went to the other side of the park and we were waiting for the train to come and it came it took the train @NUM2 minutes and when we got to the other side of the park the ride I wanted to get on which was shoot the rapids the line was really long so we waited and waited and finally it was our turn we got on it was fun then when it was over we got back. On the train and went back to the other side. We went back to the dragster then the line was back long and we waited and waited and then it was our turn. That day was the worst day because I had to wait and wait that was my first day that I ever had to hold my patience that long I was about to lose my mind but we had don. And we are going back this @CAPS3.	16
"A time I was patient was waiting @NUM1 to @NUM2 whole months for my baby brother, @PERSON1 who is @NUM3 now. @CAPS1 felt like @NUM2,000 yearsÅf @CAPS1 was ??? long I couldnÅft wait but I had to use patience to wait. He was due on @DATE2, but instead he was out on @DATE1. When I came to the ????. Finally at @NUM5 am on @DATE1 my brother @PERSON1 was finally born ??? @NUM2 long months. The ??? a time I used ???"	18
"Patience is a quality that some people have and some people donÅft. it shows your character to people if your patient or not. It can be hard at times, but we all get through it. For example, when I was at a resturaunt that took forever to get our food to us, I had to be patient. I was sitting at the table after we ordered, and I got really bored so, I decide to color with crayons I got. After I was finished with that I decided that I needed to find something else to do while I was waiting. My mom was talking, so I chose to do that. I talked for a long time. Then our bread came. So, I ate that for a while and then got bored again. The waiter came and told us our food would be out soon. So, I continued to talk, went to the bathroom. When I came back our food was there! So I sat down and enjoyed the delicious meal. When I was patient I got a good reward out of it. Good things always come to people that are patient. If your not a patient person then you can always try to become one. ItÅfs not very hard just keep yourself occupied!"	21
"There are two reasons why I think patience is important. The first is because if you are not patient, than you can end up distracting other people around you. For example, if you finished your @CAPS1 test early and you kept telling everyone else to burry up itÅfs distracting. Now that youÅfve interrupted everyone, they have lost their train of thought and now they @MONTH1 have to start over. A few weeks ago, my sister and I were out walking my dog and pulled so hard my little sister fell over and my dog ran away. We had to be patient and wait for him to return.  My sister kept wanting to go call my mom to tell her the dog ran away again but I told her it would be rude to call because it would distract her from her work. Another reason why patience is important is because if you are not patient can get hurt. LetÅfs say you were going down the stairs and your sibling was in front of you and you needed to get downstairs quickly but they were walking down the stairs very slow, so you pushed them, they could get very hurt. In conclusion, patience is needed always and cannot be forgotten"	15
I was patient when my dog had to go the @CAPS1 he was really sick becaus he had heart worms my mom and I just whated for about two hour's I was not as patint as my mom because I keep asking my mom what was going on. After the operation was down we had to whate even longer intill we got my dog bare back almost @NUM1 hours. After the @CAPS1 called us we went and got my dog and the doctor sed that he had to water in till he could be up and moving and it was finly ok and we played in the snow all @CAPS3 long.	12
every school year I wait patiently for @DATE1 vacation. It fell like a a terify waiting for @DATE1 but it is werth it.	6
"Even though you @MONTH1 not know @CAPS1, there is patience all around us, you @MONTH1 not even know your using the patience like a line for winch or writing for something, but you are .Here is a story. When I used patience. One day, on a hot @DATE1 day at wider point, we decided that we were going to go to the water park. As soon as we got there we jumped the first pool I waited for my dad. After a while of playing we decided to go on one of the water well @CAPS1 was the water well at the park. @CAPS1 was so big you had to take @NUM1 flights of staying to get to @CAPS1 but after I went back I knew @CAPS1 worth the wait"	16
"Boom! Boom! I knew my cousins were at the door because they were all heavy handed. So I ran down stairs and opend the door it was them. Then, we all got into the van you all read to have some fun my mom all, we replied @CAPS1 !!!Åh it was so bouring in the van but I had to be patient. After, we got to ohio we stoped and got some food .After @NUM1 mins we got into the van .When we got to ??? point we were all excited it was going to be a good day I thought but I also knew that it was going to take some time and patience .Next ,when we got into the park we all whenÅft  straight to the reptor  .It was a half  an hour  right .This was going to take a lot of patients so we wated and wated  when we got on and off we realized it was worth it. They we got on a lot of ride .but the best one was the diagster .When we got to the van we all said it was fun. Then I relised  I was  very  patient"	18
"A time when I was patient was when we were leaving on vacation. It seemed like I had been waiting forever to go to @LOCATION1, really it had only been about a month. I was so excited, but I had to be really patient. Sometimes its hard for me to be patient because I like things to be done right away, so waiting a month to go to @LOCATION1 was very hard for me. The night before we left was probably the hardest. I was so excited I couldnÅft sleep at all. The day we left I was so excited and I was running all around the house yelling.  Finally we loaded up the car and left for @LOCATION1. We drove our car there so it took almost @NUM1 days. But it was worth it, @LOCATION1 was really fun and pretty. We also went to @ORGANIZATION1 and had an awesome time. I had to be patient at @ORGANIZATION1 since there were long lines for the rides, so we had to wait a while. I had a really fun  time in @LOCATION1!"	19
"I was patient once when my dad had said he was going to give me a letter every @DATE1 because he was to far away for me to visite he lives all the way in @LOCATION1. He told me I had to be patient because IÅfm not really the patient tipe.I guess being patient is not all that hard. For me to be patient I have to being doing something so I get myself to rest by writing stars and drawing, reading, going to any around mother house to help with our animals. And when he finally comes I didnÅft even get it. Milk @DATE2 so I had to wait even longer within I guess on sit that was to do you just have to have mind on the thing you have to be patient about it."	16
"Patient people are the people that tolerate life. If youÅfre not patient you wonÅft get through to welI.I learned this when I was little. There was this thing I wanted and I was going to drive me, but just before I got out the door, the phone rang. My @CAPS2 picked up, Åg@CAPS1 oh hi @PERSON1 no not busy @CAPS6 did not! no!Åh and it went on for so long and every minute I kept getting less and less patient, I finally burst out. Åg@CAPS2 @CAPS3Åf@CAPS4 @CAPS5!Åh @CAPS6 said, Åghold on @PERSON1 IÅfm on the phone, IÅfm not gonna take you now!Åh and walked away. ThatÅf@CAPS4 why patient is important"	15
"Awhile back my friends and I made a @CAPS2 game called ""@CAPS1 n go @CAPS2"". I had just taken a great sniping position. I had a great angle in all but one direction. The great thing about this spot was that everyone walked past it to get around in the woods, @CAPS3 usually it didn't require any patience. That's the part I was wrong about. I ended up waiting over twenty minutes until I saw one of the people that were playing. I aim my weapon and fired, @CAPS4 to the rules he was now on my team and under my command. We waited for a while before another player was seen walking close to us. Then my partner got up to fire his weapon at the other player and got shot. He didn't notice me when I crawled away from him, @CAPS3 I was safe. The only problem now was that I needed a new place to @CAPS1 @CAPS6 I found one quick. Again I was waiting for over twenty minutes. Finally I saw another player and got ready to shoot. When I finally got my weapon from the ground the person was gone. This made me pretty made seens how I waited @CAPS3 long and didn't have a single person on my team. I got up and went looking for someone for my team. I was looking my patience and getting frustrated. ""@CAPS7 anyone even out here?"" I whispered ""@CAPS8! I got you @CAPS9!"" someone shouted from above. Then @PERSON1 jumped down from a tree. He told me that the whole time he was watching me. He   was waiting for me to get close enough to shoot. This whole time he was waiting with just enough patience to shoot every single person one by one."	24
