"In the @LOCATION1 we have the technology of a computer. Some say that the computers are good for the society. I disagree, I believe that it is bad for a few reasons. Some of the reasons are obesity, cramps, more sexual harrassment and even cyber bullying. First if people don't get off the computers and go out to exercise then it will cause obesity. Think of it this way, if you watch a kid that didn't have to go to school his entire life and he started off at @NUM1 pounds. The only thing the kid will want to do is play on the computer and he will gain weight. Next, tip-top-tip-top, that's all you hear when a kid is on the computer, @CAPS1 teens come home from school and go straight to the computer and don't get off about on a school night. These are the kids that are @CAPS1 likely to get bad cramps. they get the cramps form typing to fast, hard and too long. They also can get the cramps from just sitting down for to long then trying to get up but can't because it hurts to much to decide to move anywhere. There's also a lot more of sexual harassment that is going on some kids goin to a chat room to talk to their friends about some great news, but when they get out of the chat room they are all mad and pissed off. The reason is because someone was making fun of them and they didn't like it. This happens maybe close to @PERCENT1 of the time that teens and even parents go into chat rooms online. This is the third reason on why computers have an huge effect on people. The last reason that computers have a huge effect on people is because of cyberbullying. cyberbullying is when someone bullies you but just online instead. Have you realized that children became poor or sick because they dont want to be hurt or killed over something very stupid? Well, I have and it's not nice, and now the god thing is if a kid goes to school online he/she @MONTH1 get cyberbullied because he's not smart enough or if he/she don't have the money to go to school. The cyberbullying normally occures in a chat room online. There is where all of the family will either become broke with no money or food. They @MONTH1 even lose their kid or the house that they live in because someone wanted to act all big and bad to be popular in school. In conclusion, these are only a few ways that computers effects people. The obesity, cramps, sexual harrassment and cyberbullying are not a joke and it's not fun to get done to you. Now it's your turn to tell us what you think about the computers. Do you think computers are good and benefits society or is it bad a rot little kids brains to make their lives horrible for them to live with?"	9
"Well computers can be a good or a bad thing. I don'@CAPS1 realy see @CAPS2 computers can be a bad thing for me. I also know @CAPS2 computers can or will help people all around the world. I think computers has positive effects on people like me. Computers teaches hand-eye coordination. It can help if you need to find out reasearch for a school project. You can create lots of things on computers like music, desiner @CAPS1-shirts, logos, banners and lots of other creative things. With computer you can look up available homes and apartments. You can even go online and fill out a job application and save trips to stores @CAPS2 cool is that!! Well im a regular person not rich not famous but computers provide lot of information people use today. Thats why I think that computers has a positive effects on people and you don'@CAPS1 have to be super smart to use one."	6
"Dear Newspaper People, I think that computers do benefit society for a few reasons. Computers make work easier they can do things people can't like solve difficult problems, and kids like playing games on them. Computers make work easier and neater. Typing is often faster than writing, and is always easier to read. Studies have also shown that people who use computers to do work finish faster and have up to @PERCENT1 more free time to do whatever they want. Computers also have e-mail, which allows you to send work that you have done to your boss without printing it and wasting paper. Computers can solve difficult problems that people either can't do, or don't want to waste their time doing. If you need to solve a math problem you use a calculated or a computer. So you don't have to figure it out yourself. I have to do a lot of math problems for homework and I think it is much easier to use a calculator. My last reason why computers are good is that kids like playing games on them. A lot of people say that kids shouldn't play computer games but some of them are educational. Even non-educational games help kids to have fun and have something to look forward to after their work is done. @PERCENT2 of kids say that they are happier when they have something fun to look forward to, and happier kids do better work. I hope that after reading this you will understand how much computers contribute to society."	8
"Dear local newspaper, my name is @PERSON1 I am @NUM1 and I go to naylor school. I am writing to you convince that computers have a positive effect on people. Please read the following reasons. Computers have a positive effect on people. Your able to communicate with people all over the world. When my brother goes on the computer he get's to talk to my family in @LOCATION1 I like to use skpye because when we talk to family in @CAPS1.R we use a webcam to keep in touch with my family. They teach hand eye coordination and help me in ping-pong. It help me wacth the ball in computer and I do the same in the wreak. You have lot's of access to different information, my mom found a job in the computer. Everybody have access to weather or news, Some say it's a lack of exercise. People get addicted to the computer. Some can get obese and mess with your love life. These are the reasons why I belive computers are good for society. This is why people should agree that advance in technology. Technology keeps on upgrading."	7
"Computers are the greatest tool mankind has. They give people acsess to more information than anything else in the world. they ler us connect faraway places with one click of the button without computers people would never know and learn or do as much as can without computers modern planes or cars would not exist. without computer this very test probaly would not exist so no sconclusion to much time on the computor, because theres more to do than one can doin lifetime"	5
"Dear @CAPS1, I, agree that computers are benefits society. The computers have positive effect on people like hand-eye coordination. I helps you learn about other country religios, and other thing. You can communicate, meet other people, and chat tru computers. Another positive fact about computer is that you can find all the information you need and fast. In other words is that computer help a lot of people."	4
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 life without computers. There would be no quick access to information, no way to socialize, and no way to keep your health records or other personal information safe. Without this technology where would we be? I believe that the world is benefiting from the advances in technology today. As a student, computers are a crucial element to allow me to get my work done. without the guidance from @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS7, @CAPS4 @CAPS5, or other applications, @CAPS6 woudn't be possible for me to reach my full potential a assignments. How could a student be so certain their grammar is perfect on their homework without asking a teacher? There is a way. It is called @ORGANIZATION2 tools. However, the only way to access this is through a computer or @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS7 @ORGANIZATION2 tools allows you to check your spelling, grammar, and punctuation with just a click of your mouse. Computers are an essential learning tool for school system today. Not only are computers used to educate, but they are helpful in the real world. Many business rely on the work of Computers entirely. In facts, @CAPS8 to @PERSON1 @CAPS9 @ORGANIZATION1, a local business ""@LOCATION1,"" In our job, we continuously we work with. this wouldn't be possible without the effort of our typist on the computer. ""@CAPS6 business and companies around the nation are relying on the advances in technology, why change anything? We should continue to progress in this groth @PERCENT1 of business in @LOCATION1 say they would have to close dawn @CAPS6 not for computers with so many business doing this, our economy would drop. This would not help. We all know computers and other technology are great sources of entertainments. What you @MONTH1 not now, however, is that they supply a great amount of knowledge to the average person. For example, lets say you finished watching a special on the discovery channel about @LOCATION2. You want to know more, so you pull out your iPod touch. All you have to do is log on to the internet and search ""@CAPS11 of @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2"" @CAPS12 seconds, you would have your information. People @MONTH1 not believe so, but it is true that you canlearn a great deal of information from various forms of technology. You can have all the resources you'll ever reed right at your fingertips. Computer supply so much more then just entertainment. All reasonable people would agree advances in technology are extremely helpul to the public. there is so much guidance for our daily lines through computers."	12
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 name is @PERSON1 and I do not believe that computers are very beneficial to our society. Computers donot benefit us because they are stoping many people @CAPS3 exercising and healthy life, playing sports, and enjoying the outdoors. Computers are stoping many people, particular the younger generations, @CAPS3 exercising. Now a days instead of bitting the gym many people are home on the computer talking to friends or playing computer games. As a result many people are not as healthy as they should be. It's also recorded that any person who is on the computer for large amounts of times are hurting thier eyes, resulting in an increase of people wearing glasses. If people were to go and start doing things besides the computer they will live a happier, healthier, and better life. Unfortunatly, many young people are not getting in to play sports. During this decade many sports games have come out for the computer. Now instead of pushing themselves to work hard for aspact, kids ethier play with no heart or dont play at all. The reason for this is because they can instead work extremly hard on thier custom @CAPS4 or @ORGANIZATION1 teams in @PERSON2 or @NUM1. Also the computer is not the only electronic stoping kids @CAPS3 playing sports, xbox, playstation, xbox @NUM2, psp, @NUM3, gamecube and gameboy are some of the few console systems that play games that distract kids. I myself, had been caught thinking more about on xbox game then @CAPS2 own hackey game! not olny are these electronics pulling kids in like magnets but the parents are they are alarming thier kids to play video games or stay on the computer for hours on end. Many of us dont know what its truly like to go outside and camp. do not to spend time with thier family. I came @CAPS3 on @CAPS5 family and many @CAPS5 families are very close, so its natural to be doing things with @CAPS2 father or brother or whole or cousin. However not to many families are as close as so they do not do something togther. If some fathers took thier sons fishing or camping, it would get them away @CAPS3 computers and the father/son band will become stronger. These are @CAPS2 reason sir and they should be thought over far quite sometime. Just remember that many people need to exercise, many play sports, and many families got to exprience the outdoors."	8
"Dear @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 of the @LOCATION1 @CAPS3 I think that computers are a good thing to use. I know that some people do use the computer instead of enjoying a or exercising, but not everyone does that, The computer is a good resource to invest time in. The effects computers have on people is good (for the most part). The statement is true, people that use the computer can talk with people online and get information quickly than the library. I believe that the effects a computer has on a person, are good effects. When people use a computer they can get information which for research and work (word) That's because, when your on a computer you can simply relax but get available amount of work done. You can also do things while your on the computer, hold your dog, hold your cat, eat, drink, text, call. It's very multi propose (use). But some computers is a bad thing because not how the very expensive and same dont have the money to buy a computer but if you do have, you because they're of people or example @CAPS4 cheated and not a computer he could have good so rich and rumors because the computer is what he needs to be succesful with microsoft so computers are useful and the effect they have on people is a positive one."	7
"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 you know how long you go on the computer for? Well get up and go outside. Thats one of my reasons why I think people spend to much time on it my other reason is your eyesit can go bad. Its a nice sunny day dont wast your time on the computer! Go outside! All, kids @CAPS1 is sit on the computer all day not getting exercis. Did you know @NUM1 out of @NUM2 kids that sit on the computers all day gain at least @NUM3? @PERSON1 told me that. I mean I believe him because its true kids dont get up.There missing a nice day out would you wanna miss a nice sunny day? My finall reason is kids eyesight can go bad. I mean having them stare at a screen all day, thats bad. @PERSON1 told me if your on the computer for @NUM4 hours on the computer for @NUM4 hours straight your eyes can get worst. I remember a tiny when I was on the computer for @NUM4 1/@NUM4 hours my eyes were killing me everything I blink. I know the computer is fun playing games, talking to friends but you should take a break and @CAPS1 something ples. In conclusion just go outside and have fun! @CAPS1 you want to wast a nice sunny day by staying in doors hurting your eyes? I know I @CAPS1!"	7
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I think computers are good to society, because you can read the news paper online, email your friends and family, and can play games and watch videos or movies. Knowing the latest news is very important, news paper are okay but you have to pay for them with the news paper online you can get the latest news for free! This way you can save money and trees. Heres another way of saving trees. E-mailing is a good to talk so some one far away and it's a lot faster than just regular old mailing. E-mail is also good for e-mailing links to cool websites, on e-mail can send a funny picture or a video or an important notice. So, Computers can be your news paper and a good and fast way of communication. It also can be useful for entertainment. Computers are one of the most popular entertainment sources. Computers allow you to go on game sites, watch videos or movies or play on online game on just a regular @CAPS1 game. I know whenever I'm bore I go on my computer and I can always find something to don on line or find a movie to watch. So, computers are very popular, in many areas computers are helpful in news, communication, and entertainment. People just need to look at the positive aspects of computers, then they will see how great they are"	6
"Dear @CAPS1: The effects that computers have on me is that it teaches me hand-eye coordination. I learn stuff from the computer, and it is a fun thing to go on. But, I mean those are only my opinions. Well im gonna just go ahead and explain them to you. The good thing about computers is that it teaches you hand-eye coordination which helps you see better with your eyes. Also it helps you with your hands by making you learn how to catch stuff and how to react quickly with your hands. For example I was playing baseball and I couldn't catch very good and I was also learning how to use the computer and because I was able to type fast my hands reacted when I got grounders and pop fly's hit to me. So I was so happy that I lerned how to use the computer and type. But for sure the computer is the best because you can research stuff and you find out more important facts. Also you are learnen more when ever you research anything. I'll tell you one thing though, I like the computer so much because it helps me find out important details and facts about the person that I am doing my project on. Yes I know the computer is so fun because you can go on different websites such as myspace.com, youtube.com, and funnyjunk.com. I go on mspace to talk to my friends and to meet new people that's what I like about myspace I meet new people and make new friends. I go on youtube because I like to listen to music and I watch music videos on their also I watch skate board videos too cause I love to skate! But one thing for sure is that I go on funnyjunk.com to play games cause they have so much fun games that you can play. But my favorite game is @CAPS2 the hedgehog. In conclusion those are @NUM1 opinions and @NUM1 reasons to support the effects about computers. So I want you to think about some effects about computers and your opinions about computers and compare them to my opinions? But hey! That's up to you only if you want to."	8
"Dear Newspaper of @LOCATION1, The use of the computer is a controversial topic. Many people have varying opinions & beliefs, But I personally believe that computers have a positive effect on the people who use & operate them. These remarkable devices give people the ability to talk & be social with friends and family members. They let people know what is going on in the world, and give updates on the condition of countries and events. They will also provide information, and give people the ability to research and learn more about a topic or idea. A computer is a necessity in todays society, & to go against it is a proposterous motion. Many people young & old are starting to use the computer to be social with friends & family members through various types of websites & programs. A computer is to talk to someone without physically being there. The social aspect of a computer is rising in popularity and many people are using computers to be social. Social networking sites, and instant messaging programs are just two at the many ways to be socially active on a computer. A social networking site as a website that allows you to make an account and post pictures and information for your friends to see. To take away the computer would take away many peoples social lives. The computer benefits many people socially and this has a positive effect on their lives. Todays news is always with exciting events and horrible disaters that many people like to be updated with. Most people do not like to wait for the newspaper to arrive to read about the fastest news. So they check online and find about it there. Online news is widely popular & extremely beneficial to many people. It provides them with the lastest stories and updated events. Online news was extremely crucial in the lastest disaster, the earthquake in @LOCATION2. Because online news is so fast and easy to acess. People were donating & helping @LOCATION2 just a day after the earthquake happened. The fast response is what is helping @LOCATION2 rebuild from the rubble. Computers provide people with online news & this is definitely beneficial to their lives. Before people starting using computers to research topics & ideas they would use books. They would have to shuffle through piles of pages and articles in newspapers. This is a very inefficient & disorganized way to be research. Now we have the computer. The computer allows you to recall through endless information and topics. It is not possible to an article or essay with information because it will always be in the same place. This allows for guide and efficient research. There are also websites called online databases on the internet. All have to do is type in a keyword or phrase and you have instant research on whatever you wont you wont information on. All this takes time off of research and put it on whatevers else you would wanting to be doing, whether it is writing a paper or doing a presentation. The computer allows for quick and beneficial research. The computer hasn't been in use for that long and it is already helping society expand & grow. It provides a social aspect where you can talk to friends & family. You can provide yourself with the lastest news & stories, and you can do quick & easy research. A computer without a doubt has a positive effect on society and we as people. The experts can say what they want, but the computer is and always will be benefit to society."	10
"Dear editor, I have heard that some experts are saying that @CAPS1 spend too much time online. I thoroughly believe they are mistaken. With the use of internet people can learn about faraway places without spending money to go there. Our military uses internet to talk to their family and friends stateside. Also it helps us aquire great hand-eye coordination. If someone was planning a trip to @LOCATION1 they would check the internet often. Firstly, they would check out sites to go to in @LOCATION1. Second, they would check and compare hotels in @LOCATION1. Thirdly, they would check the weather in @LOCATION1. Finally, they would check airports for flights going to and from @LOCATION1. Without the internet planning vacations would be close to impossible. People not only use the internet for pleasure but for communication purphases too. They use web cams to talk online to people in faraway places. It is fast, free, and convinent way to communicate to other people. Our military uses web cams to let the soliders talk to their families. How would you feel if you were a solider fighting for you country and the means to talk to your family is out there, but you could not use it. It is cruel and unjust to keep soliders from talking to their families. Internet also gives us something usefull. It helps us build hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is used in many things. In basketball you need to be able to look up and dribble at the same time. When you are driving you need to be able to look up and still be able to steer the car. Without hand-eye coordination many more accidents would happen from carliess errors. Internet helps people make the world a safer place. In some aspects the experts are right. We should go out and enjoy nature, but we also need to enjoy and use the internet as well. Some people use it as pleasure and build hand-eye coordination. Whle others use it to talk to their loved ones. Or use it to plan vacations. No matter who you are or what you do internet plays an important part in life."	9
"Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 computers does have some cons but they also have a lot of pros. Some pros are they show magnificant pictures of nature and it would pictures until you want to send them by email. You can even order tickets for planes, trains and movies. Let's not forget shopping and internet. If you go on the internet you can find many pictures of any thing you want. Such as pictures of nature, celebrities. About @PERCENT1 of all picture on the internet are true. A computer can also hold pictures that you take on a digital camera. It can even take a project on a flash drive and then download it. The computer can even email the pictures to any email that exsist. If you want to go to the movies or on vacation you can get the movie tickets online. You can get them at any ticket sales website. If you want to go on vacation you can get your hotel tickets even your plane train, or boat ticket online. Buying tickets isn't the only thing you can do on the internet you can buy stuff to. You can order @CAPS2, @CAPS2 @NUM1, @CAPS2 @NUM2, game cube, x-box, x-box @NUM3, wii, you even computer games. You can even buy the game systems. You can buy house hold appliances. Also you can put clothes and other store products an hold. The internet you can watch videos an almost any website you go on. Some @MONTH1 be grass, some @MONTH1 be funny others @MONTH1 even be wierd. @PERCENT2 of all teenagers like watching music videos. Some are just the artist sing and dancing in a background other times people make fun of other artists. Even though computers do have pros and cons they have more pros. Like the examples in the passage above."	8
"Dear local newspaper, I agree that people are spending more time on the computers and less time doing other important stuff. For example, they don't spend time exercising, enjoying nature, and they don't spend time with their family. Those are very important things that people don't undeRstand that they are missing of. First, people that spend a lot of time on the computer don't do exercise. Doing exercise is good for your health. If you don't do exercise when you get older your bones are going to work. Also, you could get fat and that is bad for your heart. Just for being on the computer people don't pay attention to their health. Next, people don't enjoy the beautiful nature that is outside. Is beautiful when you hear the birds singing or seeing the plants outside. People are forgeting about nature. They don't recycle so the planet could be clean. The air that we smell is not clean because they don't care about nature. Instead of being on the computer they chould help so the world could be better. Finally, people don't spend time with the people that love them. Is very important to spend time with your family. People don't realize thats the first thing in life is your family. Instead of being on the computer, is fun going to the beach with your kids, wife, father, and etc. In conclusion, i believe that computers affect on people. People just for being on the computer they don't do exercise, enjoy nature, and they don't spend time with their family. Now that you heard my , i ask you to think about yours."	8
"There are some effects computers have on people that I agree with and disagree with. There are many people in the world that use computers every day and some that use it sometimes. Also it always gives you information everytime you use it. I would think that computers give a positive effect on people. Computers can have their likes and dislikes. Not everytime when you need information the computer won't give it to you. There are some websites that give you the right stuff you want to know and others do not fill your mind with positive things. That is one thing I do not like about computers. Do not think that is too bad because computers have alot more fun adavantages. One of the most common and used thing around the world is instant @CAPS7. Instant @CAPS7 is when you are communicating with another human bean over the online web. Many people use this to get in touch with a close family members or a friend. There are some names for instant @CAPS7 @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4-mail, and many more! Yes, the computer can be very addicting but once in a while you need to get off and maybe get some fresh air. For some people I agree that they stay on the computer to much and became very lazy. This is one disadvantage that can cause you from exercizing and seeing friends and family. There is no problem if you go on for an hour a day maybe more, but to long is not good. There are so many things for the computer I can't name them all @CAPS5, @CAPS6, @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS7, and even buying things off the computers, those are many of the things you can do on your computer. I love going on the computer time to time doing many things I have talked about. Also if you do have one than reading this @MONTH1 persuade you into getting one. My opinion is that they give you a very positive effect."	8
"In my opinion, having computers is avery nice thing and does good in our society. I think this because of three reasons, @ORGANIZATION2, it allows people to relax and wind down after a long day of work. Second, it allows people to communicate with their friends, @CAPS1, it helps with schoolwork and makes things much easier. These are only a few of the reasons why computers do good in our society. @ORGANIZATION2 off, I'd like to say that after a long day of work, all you want to do is relax. Television gets boring and you just want to sit and play games on the computer. Well, thats a great way of winding down on a rough day. You can go on @CAPS2 and watch funny videos or go on @CAPS3 and on you friends new photo album. Your @ORGANIZATION3 computer is to do many things. There are @CAPS8 many game , such as @CAPS4 come or @CAPS5 cam that can be a lot of fun. Do you see why the computers a good way of calming down? Other than winding you down on a rough day at work, on the computer @CAPS8 allow you to communicate with friends and family. AIM is a good way to talk to friends and plan get together. Or, you can just have simple talk @CAPS3 and @CAPS7 are great websites to keep in touch with old friends of you, @CAPS8 even make new friends. A lot of teenagers and adults have @CAPS3 because it gets. So @CAPS4 that you can't get off it. As you get older, you dont talk to your friends that much and soon you don't have many friends at all. @CAPS3 prevents that so you can always talk to them. You should always keep in touch with friends. Most importantly, you use the computer for school work. Without it you can't get picture off @ORGANIZATION1 or type an essay that due. @CAPS8, you can't search words on @LOCATION1. Some teachers require you to type out essays and other don't. You need a computer if your teacher require you to type things. I go on swifts website to see if i have homework dure and that helps me out a teachers @CAPS8 put extra credit online. All in all computes are good for society. @ORGANIZATION2, you can just calm down and relax. Second, you can talk to old friends and keep in touch with new ones. @CAPS1 and most importantly, it's very useful when it comes to schoolwork and up pictures/ . Now you must understant when i tell you that computers are important and very useful in society."	10
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you imagine a world where technology controls human interaction? Its not such a far fetched idea. Some people @MONTH1 see this as a great advancement. Not me. I think that computers detach people from reality, create false personas, and has no physical benefit. This is what i think the computers effects have on people. First of all, Computers detach people from reality. Its a lot easier for someone to sit on the computer, browsing aimlessly on some social networking website, than go out and actually meet new people. Sure you @CAPS2 send all the friend requests you want, but theres nothing that compares to a first impression that you get from meeting someone in person. The computer can also have an affect on family members and the time spent with them. Secondly, the computer creates false personas. If i had a facebook or @CAPS3 account, it would be very easy to say something false about myself, or someone else. The computer dosn't know better. This allows people to gain, ""friendships"" with others that dont know the real you. I find this as a real problem because eventually lead to shaky or unsteady relationshops. Lastly, I think that the computer offers no physical gain, This nation is in a severe heath crisis. With things easier to get now a days like fast food, and drugs, I don't think that computers help. People need discipline and theres a time and place for everything, including computers. However those that aren't disciplined might use them more than they need to and that isn't good. So @CAPS2 you imagine a world controlled by computers? I think that little by little, thats whats happening, slowly taking away the human element. I think the effects will be severe, detaching reality, creating false personas, and offering no physical gain. I don't think its right, but I hope I've persuaded you to think my way."	10
"Dear Readers of @LOCATION1 @CAPS1 has been borught to my attention that there is dilema on the effect of computers on people. Well I believe that having computers around are good because. Computers help students do there school work better. They also give the ability to learn about far away places. Lastly, computers allow people to talk to othe people online or webcam. My first reason I believe computers are good to have around is. They help students do there school work. Sometimes teachers give assignments out and you have to write an essay. @CAPS2 the student does @CAPS1 on a computer they might get a higher grade because @CAPS1 looks neater and more proffestional. Computers especially help out college students. A college university took poll one time. @PERCENT1 of student wouldn't know what to do @CAPS2 they didn't have there computer or laptop. One student even said ""@CAPS2 I didn't have my laptop I would probably fail most of my classes."" Computers can be very helpful when @CAPS1 comes to student school work. My second reason that I believe computers are good to have around is. They give the ability to learn about far away places or other coutries. I took a poll one time of how many people use a computer to find out whats going on in other countries, @PERCENT2 of them said they go on the computer to find out what's going on in another countries. Computers can be very handy when you want to know whats going on in other countries. My last reason why computers are good to have around is. Say you married and you are pregnant unless your guy of course, but your spouse is in @LOCATION2 and you couldn't them. Well computers these days have webcams. So now @CAPS2 you really need to talk to him or her you can by using webcam. So readers of the @LOCATION1 @ORGANIZATION1. Can you see now why I believe that having computers around is good. @CAPS1 helps students do there school work. @CAPS1 gives the ability to learn about far away places and countries. @CAPS1 also gives the change to talk to people with webcams."	8
"Dear Newspaper, The question is whether or not people are spending too much time on the computer or not. In my opinion people arenÅft, and there are many benefits from being on the computer. Typing in the computer teacher hand-eye coordination. It is easy to learn while on computer too, and you all communicate with people also! Handeye coordination is very important. We use it everyday during sports taking notes, even playing video games! Being on the computer is good because it develops hand-eye coordination. Whatever you do on the computer typing, playing online game, or surfing the web develop hand-eye coordination. It is good to learn hand-eye coordination because most teachers these days neat children to type and print their papers, so they are neater.If kids can learn hand-eye coordination, they can type faster turn then into their when go on there computer hand-eye coordination. My world cultures teacher lets us use an online textbook if we dont finished our homework in class, instead of logging around textbook. Any student would rather go online than have to bring a giant textbook to and from school. Have you ever thought about how much easier it is college course online. Then having to go to college especially for working parents? Everything happens online in you portable laptop, instead of having to go to and from a college. Using computer to learn about different places is easy. There are websites full of pictures of beautiful foreign places that hot deserts, and troppical rainfall of monkeys and tigers. It is fun and easy to learn on a computer. Since cell phones have become so a lot of people have gotten rid of thier home phone to save money. Sometimes, though cellphones lose signal. That is why it is good to have a computer. It is eat to talk to other people forums, chats websites and email. You can have intelligent,and its easy and free! It is east to communicate using a computer. Surely you've heard my reasons its okay for people to spend time on the computer you see my point. Yes people shall spend time outside or with family, in small does the computer good for you. It is easy to learn hand coordination and communicate on a computer."	9
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 would you want to do in your spare time? Would you go outside and maybe @CAPS3 the soccer ball around with your kids, or grab a bag of chips and log onto facebook or your email? The question is, do computers have a negative or positive effect on people. I believe that computers have a negative effect. Talking to friends on the computer doesn't let you learn social skills. Going on the computer can also be very addicting. Finally, it take's away from all the exercise you need. I @CAPS4 that after careful consideration you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people. Facebook, ichat and email are all fun and easy ways to talk to your friends and family online. However, are you really gaining any social skills by doing this? Talking to friends and family online doesn't help you have good social skills. When you first meet someone in person, you most likely want to @CAPS4 @CAPS2 to say and how to act. Typing on a keyboard doesn't really let you interact with people. @CAPS6 not invite someone over, or go out to lunch with your family istead? Computers also are very addicting. I can say for myself that once I log onto the computer, I might not be off for the next hours. This is the case for many other people too. Going on the computer is addicting. Il @CAPS4 that not everyone is using a computer on a daily basis the vast majority of people are. When I'm on facebook and I see the number of people online is one hundred or even two hundred, as time goes by, the number increases. The computer being addicting leads to getting enough exercise. Doctors say that adults and kids should get atleast an hour of exercise a day. Going on the computer takes away from this time. Instead of sitting on the computer for an hour, you could be getting your hour of exercise. instead A lot of times when someone @CAPS5 down at the computer, a snack goes with them. This just adds onto the fact @CAPS6 getting the exercise is important to stay healthy. I @CAPS4 that I would feel a lot better if I went for a run instead of going on the computer. You are probably saying that you have time to manage both, but some people would rather exercise. When these people see you on the computer, @CAPS2 kind of example does it set? If everyone limited their time on the computer we would all feel a lot better and be more social. I trust that you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people."	9
"Dear @CAPS1, This a letter telling you my opinion about computer. Yes people do spend that time in computers a lot, its because computers are very helpful in many ways. Computers help us with our job, school, work ect. For example science. Im in @NUM1 grade. My teacher @PERSON1 gives us homework; every @DATE1, we have to do @ORGANIZATION1 are @NUM2 facts about anything you want to write about. A lot of people look up bears on @ORGANIZATION2 and they do their assigment about bears. Jobs; secreatenes always have to use computer for everything in our school secreaterys and teachers use computers for attendance, grading. They check you, attendance, grade, phone number and schedule. Communication, my dad the computer wuth our family from @LOCATION1. We talk to know how they've been, to know whats new. Like a week ago I was chating to my cousin she told me her dog had @NUM3 puppies. My family also uses the computer, to order. My uncle went to ticketmaster.com and he ordered two tickets for wwe. He also orders his flight tickets in his computer, to go to @LOCATION1. Well my point is people use computer a lot because they are, very helpful in many ways. Its not good to just be in the computer it good to outside enjoy nature live your life exercise not only to be in shape, but for your health. @CAPS1 hope you enjoy and understand my opinion on computers. Thank you for taking your time and reading I really appreciate it."	8
"I do not believe computers benefit society. Many people spend their life on their computer instead of exercising, going out with friends, or spending time with family. @NUM1? Of @CAPS1 will agree they spend at least @NUM2 hours a day on their computer. Which is unneccessary. Why is there so much obesity in the world nowadays? Because of a lack of @CAPS3. And who is the #@NUM3 cul? Computers of course. In order for more people to maintain healthy, there needs to be a lot of @CAPS3. When someone can sit around all day clicking a mouse or typing keys in, how much @CAPS3 are they really getting? Plus, there are many different disorders in the world. @PERCENT1 inf will agree that with more @CAPS3, these sometimes painful disorders could be avoided. Too many people are choosing their computer overexercise and it them many health problems that could've easily been avoided. Secondly, everyone would agree that friends are essential in life. But now people are talknig to their friends online or in computer games instead of going to the them. Online there is much more which often break up friendship. Also, online you new people or make as many new friends. @CAPS2 you go and have many more friends, which makes life in general much better. Finally, you wouldn't wants families become would you? Well, this is one of the many effects the @CAPS2 members of a family get together which could weaken them as a family. Plus, husbands and wives could not talk very often, often leading in separation or devorce. This could make a child have in decide between a whole family to @CAPS3, friends, and family are essential in life, and computers put those in jeopardy. So take a stand and end this reign for good, stop the use of computers before it is too late."	10
"Over one million people on the computer daily. I think being on the computer is unhealthy. So many people abuse themselves staying on to long. You should manage a time schedule so you can still get excercise dont use the computer if needed. People become overweight also. I think people should do something els then use the computer. One main effect that see is many people play the computer too long and are becoming overweight. This can be stopped if we all join together. One person isn't going to change anything. But many of us will. We can be the huge dangerous preditors going for the prey. If there is something els to do besides play the computer do it. If you know your over weight from the computer. You!! Can make a change. If you keep doing other activities you can get skinny again easily. You just gotten make that type of change. A serious issue is people don't wanna take time to make a quick little chart to manage computer useage. The way isee it is if we make a chart then we will know when to get off and twhen to play. This is important because some people take in information better when they have it infront of them. This could make some satisfying results. People use the computer for school work. This is good depending on how long it takes. In my opinon people shouldn't be on the computer or more then @NUM1 hours to @NUM2 hours a day. I think people should get their schoolwork done and get off. I much rather see kids outside playing. The nature and wildlife is much more important. The effects on the computer puts on us can vary. If its not to overweight to not spending time with families, to doing schoolwork. You need to use your time wisely."	7
"Dear @CAPS1 sun, I find that computers are very useful. They help people in many ways. They let people learn about what is going on in the world, teach hand eye cordination, and let you meet people online. First, people can learn about what is going on around the world. I can find out what is happening where I live by looking up your newspaper. Other people can find out about places they might go. They can find out what the weather is like so they know how to puck when going places. Also, if one of your employees is going camping they can look up a good place to camp and they can look up what kind of dangers there is when you camp so they can avoid them, because if they get sick they can't work. As you can see computers are important. Next, computers teach hand eye ncordination. Many jobs need you to be able to work well with your hands. Lets say one of your printers break down so you call someone to come fix it. They must be able to work well with their hands to fix it. Now lets say the wiring in your lights get messed up. So you call an electrician has to be good with his hands to be able to work with small wires. Both of these people are good with their hands and they could of become that way by using computers. As you can see, computers are important in today's life. Lastly, computers let you meet new people online. Lets say you are all alone after a hard day of making newpapers. You could go online and meet new people in chat rooms and online games. Now lets say that one of your employess just broke up with his girlfriend and he is sad and lonely, so she isn't working as well. He could go on an online dating site and meet the perfect girl. Now when he comes to work he is happier and making more papers and if he makes more papers you make more money. As you can see computers are very important. In conclusion, computers are wonderful machines. They can let people learn about what is going on in the world, teach people good hand eye cordination and let people neet new people online."	8
"Dear @LOCATION1, I believe computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination. Computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people. They even allow people to talk online. Computers are a very usefull piece of machinery. Computers teach hand-eye coordination. When your in school, you need to type lots of @CAPS1 prompts, @CAPS2 labs, and @CAPS3 @CAPS4 vocab. Computers help us do that. Typing fast and correctly takes practice. Typing without looking at the keyboard is hand-eye coordination. This will help us later on in life also. Whether it's typing term papers in high school or your application essay for college, you will need the help of computers. Computers give people the ability to learn about far away places. @NUM1 years ago I look a trip to @LOCATION3 for the first time. I didn't know a lot about the history of @LOCATION3 so I sat down at my desk and turned on my computer. Suddenly, it was like I was in @LOCATION3! I read about the delicious food and rich culture. I took a virtual tour of the @CAPS5 @CAPS6 and the great @CAPS7. I heard @CAPS8 music and learned some @CAPS8. In just @NUM2 hour I visited @LOCATION3 right from my very own house! Computers can take you on a magical journey to a far away country. Computers allow people to talk to online with other people. This is a very good thing. I have cousins who live in @LOCATION2 and because of the @NUM3 hour time difference, its not always easy to talk on the phone so we use the computer. My family will send e-mails back and forth with them. Sometimes we will even video chat! @CAPS3 networking sights accesible by computer such as @CAPS10 or @CAPS11 allow us to talk to people who we don't regularly see. On @CAPS11 you can even talk to your favorite stars or musicians. Computers let us keep in touch with others. Computers have a positive effect on people. Some experts @MONTH1 say that people spend too much time on the computer and while that @MONTH1 be true to some people, its not true to everyone. We still exersise, and spend time outside. We still interact with family and friends but know we are also able to do so on the computer. More and more people using computer is a good thing."	10
"Dear reader, @CAPS1, people have been debating whether or not computers are actually benefiting society, especially now that the majority of @CAPS2 now own one of these helpful machines. Computers help people with everyday tasks and are no doubt doing more good than harm. Imagine how impossible it would be for most people to do their jobs without them life would become much harder for the people living on this planet. Think of the successful schools in our country, and then think of which of those schools don't have computers. Computers are the easiest way to look up information, something important when children are learning. Whenever someone needs to know something, they just google it. This comes in handy when researching for that huge project due next week. People have never been so knowledgable. Computers are only important for school, but also in the work place. They serve almost the same environments. Now that computers are so common, people can conveniently type up a paper and submit it to their boss or teacher. It saves time and effort with a more professional result. Computers also serve the important purpose of communication using email or instant messaging, one could communicate with someone on the other side of the world without that enormous phonebill.Some @MONTH1 see this as dangerous because you could be chatting with a complete stranger. However, it is also opening your eyes to new cultures. Now it's possible to learn about life in @LOCATION1 first hand. If computers were no more, it would be extremely hard for a regular person to interact with someone from another country. It's almost like isolation from the world. There are many out there who take great interest in learning other languages. Better ways exist than sitting in a classroom listening to someone talk. As a person on this planet, do you really want to be kept separate from others just because they don't live close enough? A main concern about computers is that no one will want to read books and anything else. However, a recent study shows that after computers came out, more people have begun to read. This proves that just because there is now something fun and new, it doesn't mean everything else is trash. People will still continue to do things they always did, just with something new on their list. In addition, it is the option of everyone w/ other or not they want to spent their time on the computer. If someone doesn't like the idea, they've no right to take it away from someone else computers were created to help the human race not control it. If a person doesn't want one, they don't have to get one, everything is up to them, and that is the way it should remain. The next time you see a computer, don't think of it as some sort of obsession that's keeping people from doing other thinkgs they could be. But as a universal device that allows them to broaden their horizons and learn things they probably wouldn't go to the library to look for comuputers aren't holding anyone back, but pushing everyone forward, whether at work, school, or even the house, they benefit everyone, everywhere."	11
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 you look on a map of your effect all you see is computers everywhere. A map of the town compouters everywhere the state, the country, and even the world all you see are computers everywhere. @CAPS8 need to shut down these computers so @CAPS8 can start excersising, enjoying nature, and interacting with our families. It's times to finally help the world soldiers. Men, @CAPS4 you look around what do you see. Nothing but obesity. These so called computers are causing this why, look over there. There's @CAPS5. He used to weigh over @NUM1 pounds. All he did was use that blasted electrical error @CAPS8 call a computer. One day he realized he could do this no longer, and got same exercise. After only a year @CAPS5 just wayed @NUM2 pounds. You see, a man named @PERSON1, who's a doctor, computer expert, and wrote their books on exercise, nature and family, says, "" @CAPS7 people would shut off their computers and use the gym, over @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION1's obesity would drop. ""@CAPS8 must stop the madness men. Soldiers, do you know what's really a share about the enemy @CAPS8're fighting? It's causing people to miss out on this beautiful nature. You know @PERSON1 says that over @PERCENT2 of people will never go in nature @CAPS7 they get a computer. They don't know what their missing out on. I can picture it now the freshly plump hanging from the full bush of soring green. The mosuelous waterfall that shines @CAPS4 it off into a creek.The full dark scenary majestic. Lets not forget the lalaby of the crickets and owls putting you in a deep slumber under the staggering oak trees. This, soldiers, is what @CAPS8 need to get people hooked on not time consuming electronics. Men, do you want to know the solders part of this war? The hostages of the computer can't even sped time with their families. They're so busy on @CAPS9, @CAPS10, and other death comps that the real things important our alone. My friend @PERSON2 was one of the captives of the computer. He escaped just in time to stop one of his kids from going to an illegal party. Ever sence then, @PERSON2 has put his family before anything. Other families arn't us lucky though. In fact have @PERSON1 says that @PERCENT3 of families with copmuters have no communication and end up splitting up. The computers have gone to far now. Not only did they mess up people's lives, but their family too. This was must end now. Do you see our future now? It's filled with the computers on top. @CAPS8're their slaves @CAPS4 @CAPS8 come at their call. They won't let us excersise to shape, see the beatiful lands of nature,or spend time with our families so @CAPS8 can keep it together. This is why @CAPS8're fighting this is why were here will you join us?"	8
"Dear @ORGANIZATION3, In a pole conducted by the @ORGANIZATION2 (@CAPS1) @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 people agreed that computers are a easier way to research than going to a library. Over the @DATE1 few years it has become a growing debate as to wheather computers are a benifit to socity or not. Today in america over @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 all people own a computer, according to the @ORGANIZATION1 are most definatly a benifit to today's socity for the reasons that it allows better and easier world comunications, makes text and information, more redily avalible to the public and allows the advancements in technology that are nessesary. Communication is a vital part @ORGANIZATION1 america and the world in this day and age. Communication is souly run by the commputer. @CAPS3 computers provide better and faster communication. They are also far more reliable. In the @DATE2's if you wanted to speech with some one who is far away you would have to send a letter. Along with sending a letter is the risks that it will not get there. it will be stolen in the mail and @ORGANIZATION1 course the time that it would take to ge there. All @CAPS3 are solved in todays email and instant messiging (@CAPS2), @CAPS3 are relible, cant be stolen, and can go across the globe in seconds. Computers are not only a way for communication but also one @ORGANIZATION1 the most prominate ways to research, @CAPS4 the internet people would need to go to the library and run the risk @ORGANIZATION1 the book not being there or the library being closed. Through the internet all the information @ORGANIZATION1 the world is available @NUM1./ Computers are also the former in todays technological advances. Computers allow us to have inventions that run there self so human operation is not nessisary. this same technology saves lives every day and alows us to create @ORGANIZATION3 better technology. As you can see computers are the greatest technology created in the @DATE1 and allows faster and more relible communication, is the greatest library the world has ever known, and allows for the creation @ORGANIZATION1 even more advanced technologies. Computers are an extreme benifit to socity and nessisary in this @ORGANIZATION3 era."	10
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 name is @PERSON1 and I will be talking about the wonderful impact computer technology has had on man kind. So many great discoveries and great topics have been found on the compture, studees have shown <@PERCENT1@NUM1> of famous in the united states has at least one computer in there house holds. There a great way look up important information withoout going to the and searching for hours, to contract others, and lets face it they make our a life a whole lot easier. Imagine this! your stressed and on edge you have just @NUM2 hours searching for a topic on your upcoming history essay. You have a pounding head ache and just want to quit, your probably in the libary reading through hundreds of books. Now imagine you being at home sprawled across your lap, all it takes is a few taps on your keyboard and bam! Instant information. Now how easy was that, thats one of the great impacts computer have made on us, humanity. Computers are terrific to learn things with a fast pase to it. I personally have used computers to @CAPS2 advantage you logon go to google type the subject of knowledge and its just like you have a personal teacher in your own home. A local study has been underway the have a groups, @CAPS6 A which has a libary full of books and @CAPS6 @CAPS3 a @CAPS6 with a @CAPS4 @CAPS5, The scientist gave them all the same essays, @CAPS6 @CAPS3 <@PERCENT1@NUM3> of student have passed with flying colars while @CAPS6 A <@PERCENT1@NUM4> passed with a @CAPS9 or higher. Thats important because higher grades, means higher test scores. higher test scores equal fundimg. I think computers are the best invention and is not imparing humans its evolving them. Imagine this! your sitting at home crying because your special other has moved far away from you well computers are a great way to reconect with that person. Computers have software were you can instant message, send emails, or even video chat with that person. For even some business man its an way to have meetings without flying @NUM5 miles. I have @NUM2 aunts that I cannot live without who are @CAPS2 strong base who I cant live without talking to for a day. Without computers I dont know what I would do. Scientist tool surveys that @PERCENT1 to the @CAPS10.S.A has family in other states, countries, or even contents, hey have to have some way to be in contact. @CAPS2 last reason is I know we have to admit it computers have made me and your life easier. Some jobs that have opened up giving unwadged citizens a sorce of income on computers. <@PERCENT1@NUM1> of jobs relay on computers. Imagine a chasier counting all the money, a banker having to take time counting one by one other peoples cash, a telemarketer calling with no way of information. All these ways and more that computers have impacted us. Now lets see how has computers not needed our learning ability, contracting others, and last but NOT least made me and yours life better. Computers are a terrific way for human to adap to the fast life."	12
"Dear @CAPS1, A recent study by scientists shows that too much sitting down, especially in front of computers is dagerous to health. This is only one reason why I think that, although they are useful, computers are not entirely beneficial to our society. The hinder us from excersising, interacting with nature, and spending time with family and friends. Excercising, as we all know, is necessary to remain as a fit and health human being. But how is this possible with some people going to work everyday and getting shut in their offices at their computers all day. Too much computer time even for kids, can lead to obesity and overweightness. Also, like I mentioned before scientists have concluded asked, that too much sitting is bad for you. It isn't how the body was built to work. If you have seen wave, one of @ORGANIZATION1's most recent movies, undertaking is easy. The humans in that movie, after relying on computers for so long, became obese and fat and had no muscle. This is an of course, but minor visions of this are going around the world. Going out do instead of sitting a computer is a sure way to healthy. The next thing that computers restrict us in is our ability to experience nature. Even simulations don't cut it. If you wanted to see a frog or of some other animal, can't just @ORGANIZATION2 it, look for it in the real. Developing a connection to nature can really nurture the use of that is and ill. Instead of exploring a computer, explore the world as we know it until it's or you're too old. Learn how to do somthing by. Instead of hiring someone to make at, make it yourself. Do it to learn it, sit at a computer website to hire someone! Get up and get outside! As you become more dependent on your computer, you become less dependent on family and friends. It causes there to be a lift between family members. Your family might not be able to help you when you're in need. If you're an adult, and you're on the computer all the time for something other than work, then your not supporting your family, you have no income, no life, and no future. Why would anyone do this to themselves? Imagine this!:You have nothing except your laptop. You're a , on and have family relations. Nobody wants to be that kind of loser living on the streets! You have nobody and nothing except for your computer, and you've wasted your life away. Too much time on your computer means that everyone suffers. To sum it all up, computers maybe, but every single cloud has a dark lining. Computers stop us from exercising, interacting with nature, and being with our families. So get outside!"	10
"Did you ever need to know something about another place, or maybe want to see your baby cousin who is not a baby anymore? Having a computer is a huge benefit to society. It not only ables you to find out information, and chat with family and friends but also can teach you hand eye coordination. A computer can tell you just about anything you need to know. This could help you learn about other cultures, places, or something as simple as what is @LOCATION1 creampie. the computer has endless knowledge. This is a huge benifit because a computer is one of the few tools that could help you expand your learning with a click of a button. Having a computer also allows you to talk to family and friends. New computers now have webcams. This benifits you to see and speak to them without having to get on a plane or any long car rides. Which I know is a big benifit for everyone who has relatives that don't live right next door whether it helps your swing in baseball or to catch that touchdown, having a computer is a big help in hand-eye coordination. Believe it or not, having to type a paper for school helps out alot in hand-eye coordination. Having hand-eye coordination can help you out a lot in life whether in activities, school work, or jobs. It is obvious that having a computer is a huge benifit to society by having that ability to learn more, chatting with family and friends, or to help you pass the football with one of your buds. The society today wouldn't be the same without computers."	8
"Dear @CAPS1, Experts agree that people go outside and exercising because their are three reason why people should go outside and there are: people don't have a lot of exercising, they can hang out with their friend and family, and people and kid should enjoying the outsid nature. Let me explain, people and kids these days do have alot of exercising. People who don't exercising can gran weight if they don't exercising at all. Also, parents and kids who spend all day on their computer or laptop can be over weight. Kids these day, have hard time to exercising because there are over weight by staying on their computer and play their computer game. Wouldn't you agree the kids and adults can hang out with there frienda and family. Kids need to stop going on the computer and go outside more offing with their friend or family. You might want to consider that parent need to spend time with there friend and family then staying on the computer at home. Don't you think that people should go outside and enjoying the nature. Amazingly, people know what nature is but the don't know what the true meaning of nature is! Adult should spend time by going outside then stayin at their house because @PERCENT1 of the world dont have computer at all."	7
"Newspaper, I feel that the use of computers is no big deal. it is a convienient way to communicate, it teaches young adults and adults social and life skills, and is no different than other addictions. These three reasons are why I feel the @ORGANIZATION1 is under-appreciated. My firsty reason why I feel that the @ORGANIZATION1 is under-appreciated is that some people think that less time is spend with family, but I talk to family, and friends everytime on the @ORGANIZATION1. It is a conveinient, fast, and for the most part safe way of communicating. When I need help with something, I sit at the @ORGANIZATION1 and fb chat someone, or if their not on, I e-mail them. I get my answer within a day. Also you can look up the answer online, the internet is a beautifully smart device. Also if you call someone versus chating on the @ORGANIZATION1 you @MONTH1 have no idea who they are, it is also much easier to trace a call then trace a @ORGANIZATION1 to a certain location. Communication is faster, safer, and more conveinient over the @ORGANIZATION1. My second reason for being @NUM1 is that it can help teach said and life skills. For example, did you know that on average, an adult will make @MONEY1 more if they know how to type good, and fast? The @ORGANIZATION1 serves many functions. Facebook, for example, is a social network, amny young adults can learn basic social skills by having a facebook. Social skills play a very important role when you are finding a job for the first time. If you have good social skills, your boss @MONTH1 like, and apreciate you more. Which can only lead to a promotion! Computers are very nifly to have around! my third, and final reason, for believing, with all respect, that @NUM2 people are blinded, is that people don't easily get addicted to the @ORGANIZATION1. It is very hard to become addicted to the @ORGANIZATION1. Only about @PERCENT3 of facebook users are addicted. Compared to an alcohol addiction, about @PERCENT1, or drug addiction, @PERCENT2, @ORGANIZATION1 addiction is microscopic, and not to mention, not deadly. The only similarity between the @ORGANIZATION1, and other deadlier addictions is that they are addicted, and @MONTH1 become grumpy if asked to stop. ""@ORGANIZATION1 addiction can be cured with a speedy recovery, and as long as you are on for an hour or less a day, there is nothing to worry about"" says @PERSON1, at the @NUM3.) @CAPS1 there you have it, computers use is not a major problem. It is a conveinent communication device, an effective way to learn social, and life skills, and is no huge major source of addiction. @CAPS1 there is nothing to worry about. Sit back and look it up on the internet if you don't believe me."	10
"Dear newspaper, I think computers have a good effect on people. Computers are very helpful to many it gives them an education, and they can interact with many people. Computers can be very helpful to many people. Working with computers can give people extremly well hand-eye coordination. Dr. @PERSON4 said, ""In recent surveys and tests, I have noticed a major increase with hand-eye coordination of @PERCENT1 all thanks to computers. ""Computers is also a way that people can learn to type in a recent survey at @ORGANIZATION1, @NUM1-more students know to type, thanks to computers. Computers can be very helpful to business people with creating power points. Instead of making a really big poster board for @CAPS2 @CAPS1 project, I made a power point instead that was so much easier. Computers can be very helpful to many people. Computers are used in many schools to help teach students about new things. For example, students can learn about interesting places that they never knew about. ""@CAPS2 friends is moving to @LOCATION1 and she has no idea what it's like, or where it is. So, we looked it up on the internet and found out so much cool stuff about it, "" says @PERSON5 computers can also teach students about new cultures. At @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION2, @ORGANIZATION2, @PERCENT2 of the students learned about @NUM2 new cultures in one year, thanks to computers. Not only can computers tell people about interesting places, but interesting people. I never knew that president @PERSON2 had @NUM3 brothers, and gre up in @LOCATION2, did you? Computers can be used in schools to help teach students about new things. Computers are used by many people to interact with another. using computers is an easy way to talk with friends. Using instant messenger is free! Now parents don't have to pay annoying phone bills anymore! In a recent survey done in the town of @CAPS4 @CAPS5, @PERCENT3 of the people there thought that using computers to talk to friends was alot easier. Computers can help people meet new people online. Habe you ever heard of the dating sites? Well, this is what @PERSON1 has to say about it, ""@CAPS6 wonderful! @CAPS2 husband and I met online and we have been together for @NUM4 years."" @CAPS7 you have a faw away cousin and if you call or write them a letter it's too expensive? Well now you don's have to worry about that anymore because talking to distant relatives online is free! ""@CAPS6 so much easier talking to people online."" says @PERSON3. Computers can be used to interact with another. Computers have a very good effect on people. They are helpful, can be used to give education, and they can be used to interact with another."	10
"Dear Local Newspaper, @ORGANIZATION1's benefit society imensely. They help us learn about far away places, they help us with our school work and the let us communicate with other people online. We need computers. Computers allow us to learn about other countries, people, @CAPS1 etc... How would we learn about places we might want to go on vacation? Or how would we learn about the places we want to see, and the places we want to stay away from? We need computers to do this. We would never even know of some countries if it werent for computers. Next computers help us with our school work. Sometimes we get project spend most of them involve research! Computers make this a whole lot easier on us. Also instead of lugging your text books from school to home and back, we can use online textbooks. Why give us extra work, it's a waste of everyones time. Instead of wasting your minutes talking on a phone, you can chat online. Wasting minutes is wasting money. Who wants to do that? Besides using the keyboard to chat with friends will help you in the future. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 studens, say they prefer to talk online then to call someone. Computers benefit us by easy aces to info. Computers are a lot easier to help us with school work, than textbooks are. Lastly computers let us talk to other people online. Without computers everything would be so much harder."	7
"Many people like computer and like to use them for many different kinds of reason. Some people use them to get online education. Other use them to talk to family and friends that are far away. Also student use them to do research for school. These are reason why computer could be a good devices. There are many people that now have the ability to get a online education because of problem that they have. For example people that can't walk and don't like going to regular school. The computer would help them find website that they could get a free education. The computer would see what level there in like a regular teacher. The computer would make it so easy and better for the people that don't have the ability to walk they can even study for test that they have on the computer. This one reason why many people use computer. Many family use computer to try to look for freind that they haven't seen in a long time or family that are far away. They even contact them by chatting threw websites. They also search for addressed and phone number. Many people get to find there family threw internets. They meet in spot are even come to one another hauses. The computer would allow their dreams to happen by finding their familys. This would be an exciting event for them this why they need computer. This is one very important reason student use computer to research projects. Without computer student won't be able to look for information they need to know. The computer would teach student about people in the past they didn't know or didn't got to meet. The computer would influence them to want to learn more about interesting history. Children need computer to make there intelligence go up higher. These are some reason why I think we all need computer. We need them for people that don't have the ability to walk, for people that have family and friend far away, and for student that would like to learn more. These are all things people enjoy doing on a computer. If there are no computer it would crush everybody dream and future. So this are some reason why many people decide to be on computer."	8
"Dear local Newspaper, I think that computers have a exellent benefit for people. First family friends can communicate from a far distance. Secondly typing on the computer gives people good hand and eye cordnation. Thirdly they give people the ability to learn about faraway places. Lastly it gives student a chance to research a topic they are learning about. Well @CAPS1 do you think? Researcher @PERSON1 said that almost @PERCENT1 of family's live faraway from eachother. computers give the ability for familys to communicate wether its aim or a webcam chat. Also out of the @PERCENT1 of familys that live faraway from each other @PERCENT2 use the computer to comunicate. Hand and eye cordination, some people type without looking and some people are really slow. Typing on a computer give the great hand and eye cordination. Good hand and eye cordination could be used for many things. For example, playing sports or even a simple task like throwing something in the trash. Lastly, have you ever wanted to learn about a place faraway from you live or have you ever researched a topic for school? Well I have. Computer give people the ability to learn about places faraway. For example in the third grade I had to research hammer head sharks. Don't teacher always ask their student to look up a word or a topic on the computer? As I have said before I think computers have a benifit on people. I hope that my three reasons of contacting family and friend and hand and eye cordnation and lastly researching has made you think it a good thing too. Thank you for taking time to read @CAPS1 I had to say and I hope you take it into concideration."	8
"Dear @CAPS1, I beleive that using computers is a good thing. They can help you learn about subjects of places you think are interesting you don't know about. They can help save the environment. These are the reasons why I think using computers is a good thing. First, they can help you learn about new subjects. Say you are doing a report for school on the @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 of the @CAPS2, but you didn't know any thing about them. You could just go sit at your computer, enter ""@ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 of the @CAPS2"" in a google search, and press enter. There you here hundreds even thousands of entries about the @ORGANIZATION1. You could sit forever and learn all about these magnificent creations. You can learn about any subject on a computer, at anytime. You could even learn about a computer and all of its history! Seond, they can help save the environment. People are always using paper and paper comes from trees. When we cut down trees we are harming our environment. We are depleeting our oxygen supply and destroying habitats of animals and insects. If everybody used computers, we would be using less paper. We could use to send documents and papers, we could bring to tax appointments and pair suits. Computers could even be used for school work. The teacher could asign the homework email it to the student the student could fill it out and email it back. Sure we would still have to use paper for somethings, but we would be using in way less. People could also use less fossil. We could talk via the internet and things like skype to communicate witness waring to and burn. Thirdly, computers could help us advance into the. Computers can help find ways to do many things such as better medical treatments, more efficient travel and even every day life. We could find better ways to treat serious medical conditions with the help of computers. We could find ways to treat cancers and maybe even the common cold. Computers could also hep us find more efficient way. They could help find a mroe efficient feel, efficient of it could help make a teleportation device. It could also help us explore deeper into space and find more planets and galaxies. Computers could also help us with our every day life. When you get up in the @TIME1, imagein being able to screen and being able to have a hot shower, your breakfast and your work equipment all ready within five minutes. That really would be the future of computers. Those are all of any reasons for having computers from school reasearch to space and beyond."	10
"Dear, Who ever this concerns Some people are to obssesed with computers. They usually stay up all night playing games or going on @CAPS1. The people who love computers rarely iteract with people they like to be left alone with no one bothering them. Some people that go online to research stuff are probable being lied to maybe someones just messing with them. If you love computers so much that you stay up all night and don't get any sleep then you miss work and you get tired then you know you have a problem so quit. You dont want to stay up al night. Because you could have something important to do and you miss it like your childs party becuse you husband or wife typed to wake you up. But you didn't want to go you miss it and your child never trust you again when you stop interacting with other people you really got a problem because you need want to go any were but to get junk food and soda. Computers all the time is bad for you sometime you get cranky when someone takes it away that is when you need to realize what you are doing and go get some exercise is what you need you got to get some or you end up unhealthy which is bad for you and you want to stop that habit and get a new one. When your write a report you tend to go to the internet. It @MONTH1 be agood sorce but it could be lying and you could turn in the worst report ever you @MONTH1 of copy and pasted but you could still the not have to be your reliable sorce use your use a good good book. The internet is a bad thing it could consume you don't use it all the time the people make computer should shut all the computers world for one week so we know how it is with out internet."	7
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Experts say, ""@PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 spend @NUM1 hours or more on the computer daily"" The reccomened time limits is @NUM2 hour. By spending more time on computers people aren't exercising. Secondly, those people aren't enjoying life and nature. Lastly, the use of computer puts a strains on social skills between friends and family. Surely the effects of computers cant be good. First off, people in this aren't exercising as much as they should. Obesity and diabetes effects <@PERCENT1@NUM3> of @CAPS4. Both of these diseases are lethal. If you spend so many hours on the computer these diseases wouldn't spread nearby as fast. When will you get off the computer for an hour and go outside or to the gym and exercuse so these won't affect you? Secondly, nature is a marvelous thing. Sure camping in a tent and catching dinner isn't for everyone. But, there are many ways to experience nature without ""roughing it."" You can go to the or to the aquarium. Sit on your back pond and go bird watching. All of these are great alternatives to sitting at the computer screen, looking at pictures of nature. Lastly, people aren't spending enough time with family and friends. Yes you can email, I. M., @CAPS5, and @CAPS6 family and friends, but its not the as people are less and friendly then they. Mainly of socia skills. We need to the of social without computer. In conclusion, computer do have a negative affect on people in the long tern. People aren't exersising. They aren't enjoying nature. Finally their bonds between friends and family are weahiming. This is a growing problem which must be put to end. Thank you for your time."	8
"Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 one day being able to talk to anyone in the world by simple pushing a button. This has became posible with the computer. I support the advances on technology because computer can help hand eye coordination, it is easy to learn about faraway places or people, and the computer enables you to talk online. This is why it support the computer. First, the computer benifits society because it developes hand eye cordination. Did you know that nine out of ten people who use a computer have improved hand eye coordination. Bill @CAPS2, creator of @ORGANIZATION1, ""The keyboard is the most important part of the computer because it builds hand eye cordination."" This reminds me of when I got my first computer and had no hand eye cordination. @CAPS3 I can type with my eyes closed. I understand how you might think that computers cause people to not get enough exercise, however, the computer can improve your hand eye coordination. This is why I support the computers. Next I support the computer because you can learn about faraway places and people. Did you know that nineteen out of twenty students use a computer when the to learn a place or a person. @PERSON3 stated, ""The way students study is much different than it used to be, @CAPS3 students use computers."" This reminds me of when recently I had a report to do on @PERSON1 and all needed was my computer. I see how you @MONTH1 think that enjoying natures is imprtant, intelegence is even more important . This is why the computer supports our society. Finaly, I support the computer you can talk to the world instantly. Did you know that ninety-nine out of our hundred students talk online to in touuchscreen. @PERSON2, creator of @CAPS4, an instant messaging website, stated, ""@CAPS5 is no doubt that @CAPS4 is the easiest way to stay in touch with , This reminds me of when I went away on vacation and still stayed in touch with my friends through @CAPS4. I understand how exercise is essential to your body, however, talking with friends is important too. This is why I support the computer. In conclusion, I support the computer because it support hand eye coordination, you can learn about faraway places and people, and you can communicate with people around the world. @CAPS3 that you knew why I support the computer @CAPS5 should be no doubt that you will support it."	10
"Should there be computers in are society. Yes, there should computer are good things and are good help. I can give you @NUM1 good reasons why. Paying bills, facebook, and research. This is why computers are good. My first reason why computers are good is because people need to pay bills its easier to pay your bills online then to do all the paper work, and it makes it faster for people and computers are really good for them thats why we need computers. My second reason why we need computers is because people have facebook. And thats a good way to talk to friends, and get new friends and its fun to have facebook and just interact with people and why computers are good in society. My thrid reason why we should have computers in are society is because research and need to get info from and an computer is really good help for that, there great help for research like an specific topic the computer has all that. In conclusion having computers is really good because of paying your bills, facebook, and research, so people need computers so I told you all good things about computers can you tell me yours!!"	7
"Dear @CAPS1, Technology has been advancing at a rapid rate for many years now making life much easier for everyday people. It helps out in many ways for example, to keep in touch with relatives, to learn new information and to keep you safe and updated. Computers are vital to everyday life and we need them. A huge purpose of computers is to keep in touch. With new programs like ""@CAPS2"" and ""@CAPS3"" and ""@CAPS4"", it leaves you with all sorts of new opportunities to keep in touch and have fun with your friends that were not previously available. Email as well, is a great taol to keep in touch with family that are far away opposed to the good'ol letter which @MONTH1 take a web in the mail. Another huge reason why we need computers today is to be able to reaserch foreign places and learn facts that without a computer you would never even heard of. With computers, it makes it possible to go online, look up the @ORGANIZATION1, research it and plan a flight there a week later. It is also a great tool to learn new things that he did not know previusly. It is a huge step up in the education process. Computers also provide us with extreme saftey and security as well as breaking news. Imagine how much simpler it would be to be able to be at home and go on the computer to check the best rout home opposed not and consequently sitting intinse. With modern day technology all that is possible. They add great saftey and protection to average people like you and me. In conclusions, hopefully your mind has been changed on the topic of computers, or if you already were in support, that as well is great. Now you are being asked to spread the word about how great computers are and how vital they are to ensuring a better future. I understand that some people do not enjoy electronics but it is up to you to set them straight! Computer save great tools for moving ahead and we should cheer, as them, not trash them."	8
"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 technology majors support that the use of computers have a positive effect on people and I agree with them. I believe the use of computers are a necesity for social interaction, homework, research, and are a great source of entertainment on a rainy day. After a long day at school @CAPS1 teens go from the bus, to the front door, to their computer chair. In fact, @PERCENT1 of must teens do so. Odds are they're logging into facebook, myspace, formspring, @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS2, and other socially interactive websites. With good time management I actually find these websites important. I think facebook and e-mail and @CAPS3 @CAPS4 ( @CAPS5) are a great way to be socially interactive. It's also a great way to keep in touch with long distance family or friends. I go to @DATE1 camp and have made friends I call my family. Some of them being across the ocean in @LOCATION2. Seeing as how I can't make long distance calls which would cost way too much money, facebook is a geat alternative to keep in touch. @CAPS1 of my family also live far away. For example, my aunt, uncle and cousin in @LOCATION1. My aunt just had a baby, meaning I have a new cousin which I'm not able to see in person yet so seeing pictures on facebook instead of spending money on envolopes, stamps and picture prints is really awesome @CAPS1 homework given out in school requires a computer. Three out of five homework assignments are on the computer. Whether it be taking a twenty question test to defining a word the computer is a schoolwork necesity. In school now many projects are assigned meaning we need the computer and internet. We use powerpoint and other microsoft documents whether it be typing an essay or creating a powerpoint slideshow. We need the internet for research to get the information we need, to suceed. Aside from interacting with other humans and researching and typing the computer holds many more wonders. Many people believe people are spending way too much time on the computer. While this @MONTH1 be true for some people it is not true for @CAPS1. Many people are concerned children are becoming lazy but in a recent vote @NUM1 out of @NUM2 mothers said they'd radther see their children playing and interacting on the computer then being a couch patato and watching @CAPS6. On a rainy day the computer can be a great alternative. You can slide in a @CAPS7 and watch a movie or play a game or even research something new and learn about it. @NUM3 out of @NUM2 @CAPS8 have at least two computers in the house for a reason. They're important to @CAPS1 people everyday lives. The computer is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends. You also need to computer for school almost all the time and on a rainy day its a great alternative then being lazy a watching @CAPS6 while your eyes fall asleep. I do believe computers have a positive effect on people."	12
"Dear @CAPS1 of Newspaper, @CAPS2 has been brought up to concern that computers are a mence to society. On the Computers are very helpfull. If one needed directions to a place or if one wanted to know how to do something @CAPS2 would show how to. They also can help you do things like read faster and hand eye corridnation. Computers are also a good form of entertianment. Those are some of the reasons computers are helpfull. First, computers can help find out how to do things. If there is evey somewhere far to go or there are many winding roads to get there you can use the computer. On the computer there are many maps that give detialed discriptions on how to get places. Specialist say that over @PERCENT1 veiwers get to their destianation. The due to lack of driving skills. Computers also help with instructions on how to make things. If there is a cake to be made the computer will have recipies to make @CAPS2. That also can help make projects. For example They show things about @CAPS3 mythology for making a @CAPS3 pat. The computer can help you, learn langues. There is software that can teach people languages just like books execpt that they have animated teachers to help speak the languege that one got directions to go to. Reading all the didn't langues can help you with normal reading. Another reason that computers are helpful is they can help people with reading. Did you know that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 americans have trouble reading. That wouldn't happen if they had computers. Almost everything on the computer has to be read so @CAPS2 gives a lot of practices. @CAPS2 also will improve hand eye corodination. When someone something they watch the screen not their hand. Also on microcoft word to type an essay you watch the screen not your fingers typing. There are many games on the computer for improving hand eye corrdination. The last reason that computers affect people is that they are enteritaining. One the internet there are many fun games for all ages. Some games they could watch videos one youtube there are many funny videos there. As you can see computers are helpfull in many ways. They will give directionn to places or help people with reading, Computers are entertianing and fun."	9
"Dear Local Newspaper, I heard what you were saying about if computers are a good or bad thing. I personally think that compueters are a bad thing. Three reason for this are, kids don't get any exercise people are doing innapropirate things on them, and they could lead to giving out too much info, which could lead to injury or death. The first reason is that for the amount of time that someone uses a computer, they could be outside enjoying the nice weather well, if it is a nice day of course! I mean you have to agree with me on this one, the main reasons why people are becoming obese because of some kind of technology computers. The second reason why computers are a bad thing is because some people are doing innapropriate thing on them. If people are doing such innapropriate things on them why don't the makers of the computers block them? I don't know, I mean what kind of sicko would put those sites up even? From what I have learned in computer class, they can be used for more innapropriate things than I ever even knew of! The @CAPS1 and final reason why computer technology could be a bad thing is because some people have given too much info away on them and have gotten injured by internet world @MONTH1 look like fun and games untill someone gets hurts, well thats what my mom says! In conclusion, as you can probally see I am really not a fan of the computer. The reasons why I don't like it are kids don't get enough exercise, kids are doing innapropriate things in it, and it has been used for injury and sometimes death. These are the reasons why the computers is a bad thing, so remember these tips, take this article into consideration."	7
"Dear, local newspaper, Some people are starting to belive that the computers are effecting people @CAPS1 also on that side because some people would stay on it all day, get edictded to it and want do nuthing all day. First reason why computers are effecting people because some people would study on it all day some people when get homw from school or wry they go right on the computer. They would stay on from @NUM1 to @NUM2 at night on the computer and do it nthe next day. Another reasons why computer are effecting people edictded to it because there off all those freind, plus when think on the computer things final reason computer people siting computer. So those are reasons are stay on some edictded do anything."	7
Dear People Computers are not a really good thing because @CAPS1 you think about it you never want to get off allways chating or social networking you can allways find something to do but you are wasting your time on the computer you can do anything you want but I think to much is a waste of time. @CAPS1 you have kids you would not spend time with them you can help your kids with there homework eat with them watch t.v spend time relax but some people like laydys with kids go online and never get off you have to have time with your kids so they dont have bad habbits so they dont stay out to late. You have to have time for your self clean the house cook food for your husband go out shopping take your kids out to the mall just enjoy your life computer gives nothing to us just gets us layzy. @CAPS1 you work you have to think about your work maybe hang out with your friends dont be on the computer for @NUM1 you can do other stuff call your friends over or go shoping do cleaning in your house computer does not give us anything its just waste of time @CAPS1 you social network.... There is good thing about computers you can find anything you need look at stuff talk to family from far away. @CAPS1 you use it in good ways its a good thing but @CAPS1 you never log off faccebook or other stuff its not good to stay on. You can just go to the beach or go to the gym you have lots of stuff to do other then going online and sitting for hours. Just try not to go online and just go out and go somewhere insted...	8
"Dear Local Newspaper, I have herad that you guys are deciding whether or not computers have a negative or positive impact on the society. In my opinion, I believe computers have a very negative impact not only to adults but mostly to students too. Computers in general can be distracting, very dangerous, and give people less time to excercise. Computers in total do not have a bad impact on people. Some people say computers are not distracting, well I say they are. Computers have varies websites such as @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 which can distract people from studying or even doing their homework. @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 are websites where you can chat with friends and see peoples pictures. These websites can be very interupptive when trying to do something important. For example, I am one of the biggest slackers when it comes to doing homework or studying. If I had to choose between doing homework or chatting on @CAPS1, I would choose @CAPS1. But if you actually think about, are these websites benefitting anybody. Homework and studying can actually benefit you in doing better can benefit you in your studies and ferther on in your life. In total, I believe computers are a big distarction. When people go on the computer they go on without worrying a little bit. They don't know the danger behind it. These dangerous computer have people on it called online predators. Online predators sit on the computers basically all day trying to harm others. One website in specific that I herad was very harmful is myspace. This website is even more dangerous then @CAPS1 or @CAPS2. Myspace is like @CAPS1 in a way but very dangerous. For instance, my mom told me that one of her friends daughter had a myspace and became friends with a guy she didn't know. Of course she didn't worry because according to her he seemed a nice guy so she gave him her number. Good thing her mom saw it, otherwise something bad would happend. He ended up being an online predator. Lastly, computer can make people unhealthy. People who stare on computers non-stop can make them not exercise. For example, not playing sports such as soccer, vollyball, and tennis. This is very unhealthy for people in our society because they can become obese and unhealthy. This is why computers can make you not exercise. In conclusion, computers can have a very negative effect on people. It can be very distracting, dangerous, and unhealthy for not exercising. In total, computers cannot have a bad impact on people."	9
"Dear Local newpaper editor, I think computers benefits us in a good way. Weither computers are helping kids with research for homework, projects and essays or building online stocks to help make buisness grow. Computers are now a benificial way of life. We can see what happens on the other side of the world. And learn about new things everyday. What I think people are focusing is what they thikn computers are doing to people, but are really not focusing on how it helps us in so many ways. One way that people say computers effects people is that we don't exercise instead were attached to our computers. I doubt computers do this not everyone likes or wants to exercise. And why would computers stop people from doing that. It's people choice, the computer doesn't forces them to stay in the house. And computers are a great way for you to catch up with friends and family. It could be online chatting and even sharing photos. And I highly doubt people stop seeing their fmailies because of computers it just doesn't make any sense. People who are against computer are giving people in chairs or controlling them, it's just silly. If people acually stopped to take the time and think; theirs a chance that they would see how computers has helped us grow as a nation. And how much they used computers and that it really helped them than just searching through books for a ton of information. As years have gone by I could see that a ton of thinhs are runed by computers and that alot of people use them. And it has impacted our country, in my opinion a good way. And if it wasn't for computers who knows how are nation would be running. And if computers amde such a posotive impact on our country already I can only iamgine the years to come as computers become bigger and better. So as you have read I gave mt reason as how think computers impact our lives. And how I think the years to come it will impact our lives bigger and better. Now I can't force you to be for, or against computers bbut what ever your opinion is just think of a world without computers especially if you grew up with them."	8
"Let's go back around @NUM1 years ago. Those were days when it could take weeks to communicate with out of state family. Days when knowledge was only found in books, and ofen found slowly. Those were days where everything was done with a lack of speed and precision. Computers change all that. With nothing but the tap of a finger, we can communicate with people worldwide, or sea the web for some knew information. @PERCENT1 of people's relatives live out of their state. I can relate, with @NUM2 cousins in @LOCATION2 and @NUM2 in @LOCATION1. Without these instant messages and emails, we would more than likely talk to them once, maybe twice a year! Some people say that computers make people spend less time interacting with family and friends. For me personally, and I know many others, interaction would be impossible without these modern manuals. With all the @LOCATION1 technology out there. Nothing has me as amazed as the webcam. You, with this tool, can talk face to face with someone on the other side of the world! The world is a better place when we can have a true connection to other cultures, and what better way than to talk to them. What people @NUM4 years ago would never think possible, we can use at a moments notice, and yet still, many people don't appreciate it. My @CAPS1 and my @CAPS2 have both used internet to reunite with old college buddies, or see how far away friends are. These are grown ups, using the tools available to improve their lives. Internet goes beyond teenagers on @CAPS3 and @CAPS4. What you can find online still amazes me. The information you could get out of @NUM2 non-function books, you could find in turn minutes on the internet. Any question, including personal, anything, can be answered. Years ago people would have killed for this power, for the common man to be able to access all he ever needed to. I see the point people make about needing excersize and they're right. But in five minutes on the web you could have an exersize routine planned out, with modern techniques and styles. The computer has anything for anyone. Looking for some place to enjoy nature & @ORGANIZATION1 it. In seconds there will be thousands thousands of results. Missing a dictionary? There are literaly hundreds of sites to find a definition online. People take these machines for granted and assume we could live without them, but I doubt they ever realize how much we really need them. The technology is there. Why not use it? I could never turn down an opportunity to talk to a distant cousin, or another kid from a different country. I couldn't pass up a chance to check up on some old buddies that moved away. Thanks to computers, I have that opportunity. I have that chance. I've been shown an open door to find out everything I could want. Man can't know everything. But these days, he can find out anything. I'm not sure if the omputer has changed the direction of advancing technology, but I can tell you, it has definitly offered the course."	10
"Student @ORGANIZATION2: @PERSON1 @CAPS1: @NUM1 @CAPS2: @NUM2 @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION2: @ORGANIZATION2: @ORGANIZATION1: @LOCATION1 @CAPS4: @NUM3 @CAPS5 @ORGANIZATION2: @CAPS6 @CAPS7 of @CAPS8 @CAPS9 @LOCATION1 newspaper, I think we should have computers because I would help us meet new people, seeing new places, and learn new things. It would help us meet new people because we can e-mail them, and chat with them on programs. It will also help us see new places because we can goon the internet. And look up place see. It will also help us learn about new things because we can talk to people and they could give us some ideas on what to learn about. This will help us all because we want to learn about new things, talk to new people and see new places. this is a good idea for all of us. We can all benifit from this because it's good thing for everyone to have. I think we should have computers because it would help us meet new people, seeing new places, and learn new things. This is a great thing for everyone. Not just some people. I hope you take this letter consideration. Because it will help everyone learned about new things."	6
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 you know @PERCENT1 of people today use the computer for necessary reasons? @CAPS5's true! @CAPS5's a fact the computer can help you with keeping in touch with friends, getting the latest news, and even gives you map access. Let me tell you some important facts about the computer. Of course, we all have friends in different cities and/or states! Instead of over charging a phone bill, many people keep in touch via email. Email is high tech, and super easY! All you need is your friends email adress and you can send them anything from a friendly hello, to @CAPS1 pictures of the family. Teens love to chat with friends and they're able to get to know each other better through the computer. Sites such as facebook are certainly popular with this generation of teens. The fun messages are what makes everything so great. Keep in mind all the avaiible ways to get in touch with friends and see why the computer is so great. Everytime I log onto the computer I'm able to see the latest news updates! I remember going on and seeing something pop up about my favorite band breaking up. Thanks to the computer I got to read all about @CAPS5 and I was extremely glad I'd seen that because if I hadn't I wouldn't of got to see their last concert. While I do understand, the computer @MONTH1 not be the healthiest activity, @CAPS5 definaltly is a great news source and everyone reads the news whether @CAPS5 be political, or about celeberties. Knowledge about what's currently happening in our country, and exercise is equally as important therefore, I'd be the first to support the computer as a possitive effect on people today. Have you ever been lost? Maybe you didn't write down the correct directions, or couldn't remember. Next time bok up directions on the computer! @CAPS5's so helpful and could really save you a hastle. There're so many websites that have maps you can print out, such as map quest. @CAPS5's a much easier, clearer way to understand where exactly you need to go. In my opinion @CAPS5 can help so much and @CAPS5 would be the right idea to go cheer @CAPS5 out today. Imagine all the places you could go just by getting a map online! Keep this in mind as one of the many great things about the computer. Now that you know some posotives about the computer, remember how they could benefit you! Being able to chat with friends is one of the best! Don't forget about hearing the latest news, and finally, never get lost again, just print out a map. There's no doubt in my mind the computer has a very possative effect on every one! The time is now to get out there and pick up a computer for yourself!"	10
"Dear leader of the local newspaper, I have heard the strange misconception that computers are ruining our society. I for one, think that this is a terribly made thought. To begin, the internet (provided with most home desktop computers) can teach us a lot about the world around us. Additionally, the whole fact of contacting others around the globe, as well as having a whole fun world to explore, makes computers more enjoyable. Finally, thousands of jobs around the world are either based on or work with computers. Due to this, computers are , without a doubt, beneficial to society. The first reason I need to clearly point out is that the computer holds tons of information that can't be found anywhere else. While books have to be republished as updates occur in the world, anything on the internet can be updated almost instantly, beneficial to students with school projects for subjects like @CAPS1, subsequently, people could actually go to school via online schools and colleges. Whilst regular colleges could cost around thousands of dollars in order to get in, online colleges are much rather cheap, affordable to anyone. Also, due to the high amounts of information online, schools seem to be growing obsolete as computers typically hold all information obtained in a regular school year. Because of this, computers are definately beneficial to society. To build up, the internet provided with computers can bring loads of pleasure to those who use it wisely. Because of the growing population of those who use computers, companies tend to make computer shoes, which usually attracts viewers by the thousands each day. This makes television seem obsolete as well. Another major thing is that software comes out for the computer almost everyday, allowing many things to be done by users. Software typically includes games, movies, and music. Finally, since staying in touch with others is a good thing, chatting with others across the globe is very easy and durable, allowing distant relatives to come in contact with you via various chat programs. Due to this, computers can bring loads of fun to users, and are thus beneficial to society. Lastly, due to the rising demand of computers, companies typically rely on computers for jobs. Since the internet population is growing, companies allow people to fill out applications and send in resumes in order to apply for a job in said company. Also, some jobs can only be done while online or using a computer. Many jobs these days, typically banks, rely on using the internet most of the time, and some actually are based in the internet. Because of this, workers can finish the job easily in one place, instead of having to around and going to a boring looking building to do a boring job. With this reason, why doesn't anyone else see why computers are beneficial to society? With all of these reasons, I hope you see why computers are beneficial to society. Education just become a whole lot easier thanks to the internet. If education is not what you seek, you can then use the internet to have fun when you are bored. Finally, jobs can be completed even easier, and makes workers more responsible. So, leader of the paper, do you really, along with everyone else, think that computers are a waste of time in life?"	11
"With the click of a mouse, you can access the internet. Computers and internet are a recent innovation. You could probably find one in a common household. They've improved and gotten popular within the last twenty years. I believe they greatly benefit society. Computers provide an easy way to learn and communicate. Think about how life would be in the @DATE1 without computers. Different, right? I don't think I could have written such a great research paper without the use of a computer. The internet has many helpful sources; such as databases, encyclopedias, and articles. You can find information on almost any topic. The computer makes this easier for us to do. You can just search key words, and you have what you're looking for. Its faster than skimming through twenty books. Once you find what you're looking for, you can paste it into a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 document and print it. It's as easy as that. Another benefit of computers is communication. I have found this important over the last few years. A family that I have been close to my whole life had moved to @LOCATION1 due to jobs. Thanks to internet, I have been able to keep in touch with them. Im sure thousands of other people have been in the same situation. Whether it's on email, @ORGANIZATION1 instant messanger, or facebook, people can communicate with others all around the world. It's more convienent than having to time your phone calls so it's a good time for both of you. If we didn't have this connection with forgein countries, everyoneÅfs lives would be different. Computers haven't just changed personal lives. They change the medical field too. This has greatly benefitted our society. Scientists and doctors find out new discoveries and what advances have been taking place. Doctors use computers to plan and perform surgery procedures. Computers have helped advance and improve the medical research and diagnosis. This saves the lives of many people. @PERCENT1 of tests that have taken place to research a dicsease use a computer of some sort to break it down. The technology of computers has benefitted todayÅfs society and has helped people achieve great things. It keeps people all over the world connected and helps them learn. I hope that you see how computers have molded and helped the world today."	11
"Do you honestly believe that Computers don't benefit society? Well, they do. Computers help re-connect with people. A fabolous search engine and watch videos. Computers are growing into the human lifesyle. Computers help you re-connect with people. My mom uses facebook and she found friends she hasn't seen since the early @NUM1's! It's a great tool to talk to your friends in your daily life. Also, you can video chat ur webcam to actually see them. Therefore computers benifit Society. computers also have the best search engines. Doing research for a paper on @LOCATION1? Google and @LOCATION2 is all you need. Basicly giving you all the material for an A. If your paper hasn't come yet, the internet has the times and more! The only place to get millions of songs free for oyur ipod or phone is on the computer. one of the greatest electronics invented. The amazing computers also allows you to watch videos on the interet. You wont to have a real good laugh? well youtube is where you should go To learn abat history, todays lifestyle and more. If you want you yuorself can uplood videos too! A great site, great computers, benifits society. After my essay I can honestly say computers benifit society. Computers help re-connect with people, has a fabulous search engine and watch videos. Computers are growing daily. Helping the user get the most satisfaction. They do help."	8
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 you @MONTH1 know becoming reaching not only are computers are very helpful machines. Computers supply people with online education, hand eye and creativity, and computers are one of the main To begin, computers supplied large amount of people with On the computer you can anything In fact my cousin @PERSON2, earned his degree in accounting through college @PERSON2 now has a well having job in accounting. Without the computer people would not be where they are in life right now. Not to menchion just @DATE1 I was assigned to complete a history paper on @LOCATION2. All I had to do was do around an hours amount of research on @LOCATION2's coulture and history. I recieved on a on my paper. Computer are very helpfull in helping people Which brings me to my next point, computers teach The computer has @CAPS3 different and The computer integration @PERSON1 is a stafisticated, not only be creative in your way but gives you @CAPS3 hand eye @CAPS3 people are for the creativity and they from using a computer. @DATE1 Computers have and @CAPS4 have shown, @PERCENT1 of people say the number are way to communicate without contact with @CAPS5 the the computer is not such @CAPS2, supplying with boosts creativity and hand eye coordination and is also a main way of comunication. So @LOCATION1 @CAPS6 editors, writers, and readers. Computers are helpful machines, more the mist are missing out on using a computer."	8
"In our socity computers have a big role. Some people think that this inhaces our socity and benefits the people in the @LOCATION1. Other people think computers are hurting the @CAPS1 citizens. I belive that computers can have our socity into the next and can inhance use to people. Comptores can benifit people by tracking hand-eye coordination give people the ability to learn about the world, and allow people to communicate to others. Computers can teach hand-eye coordination which helps people work with their hands. An arument on the of this is that computers take the place of exercise. For a lot of @CAPS2 a sport is their exercise and in every sport you need hand-eye coordination. Computers don't take the place of they inhance the persons ability to play for exsample to be a goaly in any sport you need fast mentions and good hand-eye coordination. A computer can help the save more goals by increasing their hand-eye coordination. Having good hand-eye coordination can also save you life. If a knife was you human nature world tell you to cover your head with your hands. This would you, if you had hand-eye coordination you away with your body to avoid the knife. Computers help you physically but they can help you mentally as well. Computers can take you around the world without leaving your room. Computers can teach go about culture and life that you didn't even know excisted. The cahan @CAPS1 can not aford the luexury of seeing the world first hand, computers let those people see the world from difient points of veiw. If a student needed to know all about one country they could go on the enternet and get a tour. A student could not go to the country so they went to the second base thing the computer. They can the wanted with one click. Family, friend and coligees are all people you need to talk to. Computers made communication easy for anyone. Now you can talk and see a person in video chat. This benifits socity because if you are talking to a buissness partner you can point to graphs and charts you made. You can also to see a love one that you miss. Their is a different type of comunication for every person. You can e-mail, @CAPS4, instant message, etc. Comunication connects people around the world it a small world after all. Computers have taken our socity in the next level. People can travel the world in a second, talk to anyone and have hand-eye coordination. Computers are growing @LOCATION2 keeping is on top. What would you choose?"	10
"Dear @CAPS1, don't you think that nature is better than spending way too much time in the computer? Well, generally speaking, I think it is and i'll give you only three reasons why. First of all, it's about the obesity percentage in @LOCATION1. Second, you can spend a lot more time with your family. Finally, you can enjoy what nature has to offer. I think that the great outdoors is the way to go because @LOCATION1 needs some exercise rather than spending time in the computer. Also because the obesity percentage rate is advancing up really high. In @DATE1, @PERCENT1 are obese or overweighted. Last year in @DATE2, it was @PERCENT2. Wow, the rate went went up like @PERCENT3 in each year. This info was online at www.tomatotalks.org. Another thing I would like to consider, spending more time with a family or even a friend is a good thing. All statistics show that spending time with your family anywhere especially at the dinner table is a great way to talk about your child's problem's in school, and also to learn their parent's mistakes too. Also share great laugh's. Finally the most important thing is what they will do for their future. Last, but not least, you can enjoy the greater outdoors, and also discover some of the most important creatures such as insects, reptiles, and mammals. These creatures are the most important things in our life to learn about. Also trees that gives us oxygen too. Mother nature has it's great benefits when your career is all about science. Computers are educational but nature is better!"	8
"People using computers is a good way for them to talk with distant relatives or friends, learn keyboarding skills, and research about far-away places. First, the wonder ful technology that computers have is amazing. They can surf the web in milli-seconds. This benefits people because if you were doing a research paper on china, many search engines let you surf the web at blazing fast speed, and in a little time, you could have all the information you needed. Scientists say that @PERCENT1 of computer-users have fast internet, and they reccommend it to other, first-time buyers. The computer that I use is a unique computer that was customizable to my liking. I like playing games and editing videos, so I got an outstanding graphics car that has outstanding speeds for rendering videos. This let me play games and edit videos, and my @NUM1 gb hard drive is capable of storing all my programs and projects, for future use. Doing many things on the computer can really help your hand-eye coordination. In fact, about @PERCENT2 of computer say that over a using a computer. they were to type @PERCENT3 quicker that they could before. Thats a very good number, but the average person woh types could write in @NUM2 in I have. I can type a that big in about @NUM3 minutes because it have been typing in other @NUM3. Computers are a big part of my life and I still have time to do other things with my family, and friends. The last thing that computers help us people with chatting with friends on websites, like facebook, myspace, and @ORGANIZATION1. They all let you share with all of your friends, and of you needed to, you could chat with far away friends or relatives. This helps because if you haven't talked to your cousin in a while, you can check up with him and talk about things. I have a causing who graduated college and is now teaching in @LOCATION1, and when our gets together, we webchat with him on @ORGANIZATION1 and it is helpful because we haven't seen him in @NUM5 years, and we all wanted to see what he was up to. He was also able to send us pictures, which helped because we all missed his face. So, blazing fast speed to chatting with distant relatives. These are key factors that show us that you can have fun on computers and still have time for family and friends."	10
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I am writing a letter to you today because I have herd a complaint that and more people are using computers and getting less exsercise. These experts that are concerned also say people need to enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends more. These experts @MONTH1 be smart but they are wrong. I am going to tell you how they are wrong. My first example is that people that go on the computer alot still exercise. Take twitter as a example. The football player ocho-cinco ""tweets"" all the time but that doesn't mean he doesn't get exercise. There are plenty of sports players that are on twitter and they are fit. Most of the kids in my grade including me have a facebook. Most of the kids are fit. Just because they are on the computer alot doesn't mean they can't exercise. My second example is the effect of the computer. Students use the computer for a lot of things. We use wikipedia for are projects and research a person. Some schools know a day almost depend on computers. I rember when I lived in country we never had to reely type anything unless it was a project. When I moved to @CAPS3 I am always typing something. Even a rough draft they want me to type. In couentry I would write out my final draft. I have to use the computer. Schools also are teaching us about the computer @CAPS4 as we learn more and more things on the computer we are on the computer more and more. When someone. Finds out a new website there going to tell there friends and there going to pass it on and @CAPS4 on. My third example is how the experts say that people are spending to much time on the computer and less time interacting with family and friends. My grandpa, aunt, other family members have a facebook account. That means I can still interact with family and friends. The people that are the computer alot that are adults probably don't have family over every night and probably go out with friends evey once in a while. Computers also benefit Society for buisness people they might have to a powerpoint and they have a computer. When experts say we need to enjoy nature, interact with family and friends, and do more excising they might be right but we can do all these things but we can also still go on the computers. If you take a survey in @CAPS3 to see how many people are on the computer almost everyday and then you ask them how many of them exercise you would see that you can do both."	8
"Dear Local newspaper, I agree that computers have an effect on people. It helps people learn hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn a far places and you can talk online with other people. Computers teach hand-eye coordination. As @CAPS1 grow up, they learn about letters of the alphabet and spelling. There are many online programs that teach @CAPS1 how to type. Once the @CAPS1 get in learning how to type, they end up typing fast. Computers help @CAPS1 of future learn & with all these learning websites, @CAPS1 will be able ti teach them solves new things. Isn't it a blessing to be able to meet people from a far? You'll get ot learn there cultures. Would you want to know something about? They make daily go around, there you'll you? Well its so learning a new culture is a faster way of making friends. Have you connect. Oneday i will people who dont just want to be friends, maybe more than that. Be positive about online chatting, or online dating services. As you can see for my reasons above, the computer has an effect on people. The computer teaches you hand-eye coordination, it also gives you the ability to learn afar places & people, and it allows you to chat with other online people. Make sure you stay positive & be safe on the computers."	9
"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 you @MONTH1 know a lot of people now a days are constintly on the computer, and many people think itÅfs a problem. Well you should know the computer is helpful in many ways, such @CAPS1 learning, entertainment, and even weight. That is just a few out of the hundreds of different things there is to do. The computer can help you get in contact with realitives you haven't seen in a long time. Or maybe if you have been having some health problems you can go online to see what is wrong, I remember my mom has been getting really dizzy and sick, and her doctor told her everything was fine, but in wasen't. So my mom checked up what was wrong on the computer and found out she had a disease, and when she went back to the doctors they figured out she really did and her on a medicine. In my opinion the computer was on of the best inventions made. It can be used for so many things, you can also purchase items over the computer. So now I hope you agree with my opinion and support the use of computer's."	6
"Dear whomever it @MONTH1 concern, @CAPS1 name is @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and I think that the effects that computers have on people is not good. I think this for a few different reasons. Those reasons are that because of them noboby goes out, people; especially students loose penmanship skills, and people loose their desire to do normal everyday things. They make us lazy!! Because of computers people don't go out. They don't go for walks because their doing something on the computer. There is now no reason for anybody to ever visit a store of any kind because you can order everything online and have it delivered right to your front door. Also, for a lot of people, they don't even have to go to work. They can work for whatever company right from their home computer. People can even finish highschool and college on their computers, by taking online courses! That brings me to @CAPS1 next reason for computers haveing a bad effect on people. Students, can now type out all assignments, some schools even give laptops to students to use throughout the year. Being able to type out everything would mean that students would barely ever have to pick up a pen or pencil, makeing their handwriting worse from lack of practice. Another way computers have a bad effect on students is because of the internet. You can find any and everything on the internet, from math books to dictionarys and other resource books. Because of this some students don't even know how to look up a word in the dictionary, let alone find needed information in a book. I think this gives students a wrong idea and sence of reality. When they go to work, not everything will be done on a computer, but this is all they are being taught to use. Lastly, people are losing their desire to do everyday things. Why go out with friends when you can talk to them online? Why go out to dinner when you can order it online? People are starting to see no point in going out and doing things because there are ""more important things"" to do on the computer. I personally think they are brain-washing us and pretty soon the world is going to be one giant computer. Based on everything I just said I don't think computers have a very good effect on effect on people. They are makeing the world a very uptight and controlled place to be and based on that selected information, I'm sure you can see why."	9
"With more and more people using computers. I think that this does not benifit society. I think this because mere cases of suicide are from online bullying, people get @CAPS2 addicted that they donÅft exercize and become obeast, and because it is bad for the environment. Now more than ever before people are bulling. But not just showing kids around like they use to. Now the bullies found a new way, by starting web pages, emailing the person, or making threats online. With the internent people say things that they would'nt be able to say in person because you dont have to see face to face all the time. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of all teenage suicides are from being bullied online. The bullies get into that person head and cause them to hurt themselves because they let people get to them. If we didnt have as many people going online then the youth would be more protected from online predilors. As you sit on the computer and play games or to friends, you are most likely caling. Well when you eat and stay on the computer you arnt exercising. Well, more than @PERCENT2 of obeast people say they don't exercise because they are either to tired or dont have enough time. Of course you are going to be tired if you sit for a couple hours staring at a computer screen. When they say they don't have time but yet they spend an hour a day on the computer. That dosnt make much to me. Obeasity has becomea big concern it is the main cause of head problems. @CAPS2 get active The enviorment is a big concern these days. With toxic, the @CAPS1 layer and skin cancer on the rise. But how does the computer? Well computers use energy and let toxix for environment. Killing the @CAPS1 layer @CAPS2 the are much more powerful, hurting people. Yes and plant do help the @CAPS1 layer but when you print you @CAPS2 you @CAPS2 very hard to keep up with the demand of and the demand of the @CAPS3 have to eat, but with out trees, plants they eat? By the time our children's childrens are here, there @MONTH1 be @CAPS3 to no wildlife left, barely any wilderness and without the @CAPS1 layer many people will die of skin cancer. All because we are @CAPS2 addicted to using the computers. People lives, health, and the environment are all big issues that computers help to distore. How would you feel walking into your childs bedroom seeing them on the floor dead from being bullied on the computer. Or see a loved one suffer from heart problems due to obeasity becasue they couldn't get off the computer. Or in about @NUM1 years the @CAPS1 layeris completly distroyed due to the computers, with @CAPS3 to no wildlife left. Using computers does not benifit society. Sure its a quick look up. But @CAPS2 are books. The computer has every thing a local libeary has. @CAPS2 stop being lazy and get out. Put a stop to suicides, obeasity, and hurting the environment."	11
"I don't think that computers is the most positive effect. Because most computer's are not like that the computers are not the smartest but it does help you when you need to do something like a project when you have to look for pictures and when you need help with math you can use the calculator on the computer but the computer does not help you on all your subject's the computer only help's you on a couple of your subject's that is the main reason I use the computer. Sometimes when I'm doing homework I let the computer do it for me so it is eaiser for me to do and I look for website's on it they give you really good website's that is why mostly everyone use's the computer they mostly use the comptuer to look for job's, car's, or a house that is what they mainly use the computer for most people do not like useing the internet because they think it's cheating to use the computer."	6
"My opinion about the effects of computers is that computers do help you but people should not us the computer to lot because people should exercise, interacting with family and enjoy nature. Exercising is more important than a computers because it will make you health, you will not be sick so much. Interacting with family is more important than a computers because the @MONTH1 help you have friend but not a family's help you when you help and maybe that friend in the computer is maybe not real that is why it is important to interacting with family. And the last thing that is more important than a computers is enjoying nature. It is fun because you are not bored. You be outside, you will not think about the computer because you will be enjoying so much. My opinion is that computers should only be us to see your mail or to learn something you want to find out in the computer."	6
"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 you think computer have good or bad effects on people? It has been bought to @CAPS10 mind that people fight about @CAPS3 computers to @CAPS2 a doubt I think that computers have a positive on people. @CAPS10 think arguments are people find ability in talk online with other people and help with school work. First of all computers gieve in ability to learn about faraway places. This is really helpful @CAPS3 you @CAPS3 you want to learn about @CAPS4 you can go at the computer end google ""@CAPS4 @CAPS6"". By doing this you'll find a lot of info on @CAPS4. I should I tried it before. So that computers giving you this ability to learn about faraway places is really helpful to the human society. Second of all computers people to talk to other people around the world. This is really helpful @CAPS3 you want to learn about people from around the world. This is different than googling fatcs about other people. This is free because @CAPS3 you google @CAPS3 your online chat with someone you have a In @CAPS10 thoughts thats the best way to is helpful friends and family @CAPS3 they dont have of all computer can help with school work. This is helpful students could and the world or about a different This remind me of the time I had to @CAPS1 a project about the nine planets. I had to find a lot of info so that also means a lot of books and a lot of reading. So these I the easiest and fastest way to @CAPS1 @CAPS10 project. I went on the internet in @CAPS10 and get all the info that I needed. So then I completed @CAPS10 project and headed it in to @CAPS10 teacher. She gave me a @PERCENT1 for a project grade. I got a @PERCENT1 because I misspelled @CAPS10 name, but that doesnt matter. What I am to tell you is that computers help students with school work like projects. @CAPS2 thinking I know that computer have a positive effect on @CAPS10 three arguments is that computers give you ability to learn about faraway places, allow you to talk online with other people, and help you with school work. Please take @CAPS10 side and think that computers have a positive effects on human society."	9
"Dear @CAPS1 in @CAPS2, Computers are one of the world's best discoveries today. For one, they help in our educational processes. They also help connect people from all over the world in little time and are a neccesity in science research. Overall, computers are the best thing that has ever happened to mankind. First and foremost our children today are already struggling in their educational systems. But with new computers they strive to meet every goal. Teachers cannot tell them everything but computers can, underneath that hard drive is a wealth of knowledge awaiting to be saked up by eager minds. Also, in todays world, waiting is almost non-existant. Learning to type gives these children better opportunities for success in later life. Family, say your child is out @NUM1 school day. Normally, they would miss their homework. But now, they can check it online and get back to their crucial studies when they are feeling better unless you want to risk tommorow's future workforce, computers are in essential tool for us, and our children. One of the best things a lot this world is that we're all different, connecting with each other helps us learn how to tell with each other and move forward as a society. Conneticing through the internet through programs like @ORGANIZATION1 is important for buissnesses as it helps them make decisions faster will ultimatly effect us. But don't be fooled. It can also befor pleasure, say @CAPS3'son & buissness trip in @LOCATION1. No problem. Just go on webcam with him and you don't have to miss him anymore. In the government, problems evolve quickly, and steathily. To solve this, a president can quickly connect to his/her advisors while still being in his/her office. Connecting people through computers is maraculous, and important to life as we know it. In addition, we wouldn't be were we are in science if it wasn't for computers. First of all, we are making great strides with cancer research to day, than estatic common computer. If it wasn't for that, we might not even have kemotherapy. Lets face it, computers are faster then us; way faster. But this is a god thing, because faster proccesing means faster research. While a simple machine @MONTH1 not tell us the cure through its proccesing speed. It certainly brings us a lot closer to unraveling the mysteries certain diseases shold beneath. Two minds are better than one. Even a scientist can not know everything. But while connecting through a computer to scientists all over the world, they can analize research, and make very informed, responsible decisions. Certainly that will extend our life exsentency, and who doesn't want you've larger's some people say that people are too glued to their computer screens. But bear in mind, these are the people helping you stay alive, and helping lower your heathcare bill yoour talking about. So when you get ill and they find a cure, why don't you still compain that they only found it because they were attached to their keyboards and monitors! Trust them, they know what they are doing. So can we come to an agreement life? Computers only do good things, like enhance our youth's advention, connect our and help us find cures for the most malignant diseases and illnesses in the world. So help the world help you, and go promote the use of computers across your community. It will only further advance us as a society in the end."	10
"Dear @CAPS1, I do not think people use the computer to much. I think this because some use them for work, some use them for school, and some use it to talk to family or friends that are not so close to them. Firstly, most buinesses need computers to keep the buisnesses up and running. Like were my mom works she needs the computer for pay roll, inventory, e-mailing the works about jobs, and to look up companies to supply concrete, stone, tricks, etc. Buisness people have excuses to have to use computers all the time. Most buisness people also use computers to plan buisness trips. Secondly, kids in school use computers to do homework, class work, research for projects, or to go and study island and education. Some kids can choose to use the computers improperly but at the same time interesting. Like how cells divide into smaller cells how body systems work or how a girl or boy is made from embrio to birth. In addition, most people use computers. Like @CAPS2 people use @CAPS2 to talk to on the other side of the world or you can use aim. I have both cell phone to call and text people that live far away. I use aim to talk to all my friends, I use to face with. So, don't say all people are on the computer to much and for the wrong reasons, because that is not true at all. Finally, altho all people are always on the computer it is must likely to talk to friends you haven't seen in a while or for work issues, and for school related work. In my opinion all people will always use the computer because it is the way of life now a days. So, I don't think there are any affects on anyone because we all use it to our benifits."	9
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 are not bad for society. They actually can be quite good for people. Computers allow us to talk with people online. They can help us in school and give information we need to do things in life. People think they are bad, but all you have to do is look a little deeper and you will find the good in @CAPS7. @CAPS5 people use a @CAPS2, <@PERCENT2@NUM1> of the time @CAPS7 is to talk with people on the @CAPS3, whether @CAPS7 is using video chat or e-mail. People who don't like to use @CAPS2 and e-mail @CAPS10 ""@CAPS4 not use a phone or even talk to them in person."" With e-mail, you can send a message to some one miles away. If you are sending someone a list, a recipe for example. you don't want to @CAPS10 to them over the phone. @CAPS7 would be easier to type @CAPS7 out and then send @CAPS7 to them over the e-mail. ""@CAPS5 my son said. he was going to tech me how to use e-mail, I thought @CAPS7 was going to be a waste of time,"" @CAPS6 @PERSON1, senior citizen. ""@CAPS7 tursns out, @CAPS7 wasn't. Now i use e-mail e-mail every day. Many people think email is a waste of time, but @CAPS7 can help you in your everyday life. The @CAPS3 can helps in @MONTH1 ways also. @CAPS7 can help us get information about various topics. If you are trying to cook a stir fry but you don't know what to put in @CAPS7. You try to call you mother but she isn't there. Your next choise is to look look @CAPS7 up on the @CAPS2. @CAPS7 turns out theres a website that gives a recipe for a stir fry and you follow a do make the best one even. I know for an experience that you can find maps to places on line, since i have to go some is here almost everyweek. Google map is the most used place on the @CAPS3, besides e-mail. Some newspaper have websites @CAPS11 you can read the paper without actually paying for the paper This saves you money and @CAPS7 was less paper @CAPS11 we can save trees. The huge world of the @CAPS3 can change our lives. @PERCENT1 of people that use the @CAPS2 almost everyday are students. Students use the @CAPS2 for many reasons. The biggest one is typing. Students use typing to type reports and e-mail. ""I have messy handwriting"", @CAPS10 student, @PERSON2. ""@CAPS11 if if weren't for the @CAPS2, no one would be able to read my homework and reports. Not even me"" @PERSON2 is the one of many people who are lucking that they harmy typing on the @CAPS2. Another reason students use @CAPS2 is to look up information for reports. If a student puts a bibliography in his report, you will see that he/she used the @CAPS3 @PERCENT2 of the time. There @MONTH1 not be a book in a local library for a student to use, but the @CAPS3 will have many website and blogs for him/her to use. The third reason is for help. There are many website that can help a student to use for help in any subject. The @CAPS3 can help a student pass school. A @CAPS2 can help anyone from talking to someone to helping a student with science. That is how computers are good."	10
"In my opinion I think that computers have nothing to do with people having lack of exercise or sleep. I think it is all the persons decision to be on the computer as long as they want. The person on the computer obviously does not care if they sleep or not. When people are on the computer I think they dont play as much and start to get fat but that its their decision. Also when the time comes they going to realize that they need to spend less time on the computer and exercise. However, they need a time limit to be on the computer and limited time for eating right and exercising. Being on the computer @NUM1 people dont get the chance to interact with their family and friends because they want to be lazy and stay on the computer. The family and friends get angry and dont want to hang out anymore and within a couple of months they have no friends. Nature is good smells good, looks good, and computers make people stay inside all day! I think we should have more time outside. Also computers sometimes make kids want to not clean their room, not do chores because they are addictid to the computer."	7
"Computers. They are an amazing marvel of science that greatly benefits man-kind today. But computers can be good or bad depending on how you use them. Homework can be made easier, connecting with others is easier, and entertainment like @CAPS1 and video games are a click away. On the otherhand, Computers can be distracting, addicting, and tiring. It is important to know the pros and cons of computers. For example, the search engine, @ORGANIZATION1, is an easy to use website that can be very helpful. If there is a concept or problem that you are having trouble with, just type it into @ORGANIZATION1 and links to websites pop up that will help answer anything that you would like to know. There is also a website called @LOCATION1. This website is an all purpose dictinary, @CAPS2, encyclopedia and translator. I even have an application for it on my cellphone. But technology can also be distracting. Social networking websites, like facebook, games websites like @CAPS3, and also websites like @CAPS4 can be very tempting and distracting when you should be doing homework. Procrasination is very easy to give into. But self control is the only way to avoid this problem. Budgeting your time so that you can do both your homework, and go on the computer is also very important. One thing that I find very useful on computers is an online textbook. We are lucky enough today that most large books can be formated onto a computer. Instead of carrying a @NUM1-pound text book, you can just use a @NUM1 megabyte book on the internet. This makes travel to and from school much easier. That, and textbooks often use up a lot of desk space, but all you nneed is the space that a computer will consume anyway. Studying is also made easier this way. All of the things that a computer can do are great. But this can also keep us from going outside, excersising, and seing real people in real life. This need for the computer can be bad. We are too connected as a society. Our status, feelings, friends, and position in life are always needing to be updated. Distractions are everywhere. Facebook, for instance, is very addicting. You are looking at a virtual landsacape. Self control really is the only way to get off the computer and step into the real world. Overall, computers are great, but you have to know when, and how long to use it. It has several benefits such as entertainment, communication, and information. But all of these things can be just as distracting as they can be helpful. Knowing this. I hope that society can think of the pros and cons of the computer."	10
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 computers hold exclusive inofrmation, I do not believe the have a good effect on people. The majority of students today crowd around a computer while they can be taking care of their body. Such as excersising or just going outside. People need to enjoy the wonders of nature instead of sitting on a computer. Not only will computers impact people, but it @MONTH1 also impact family in friends. There will be less interacting time a risk by going on a computer. Different websites can expose the wrong thing and get you into trouble. I firmly believe that computers have hamble affects on people. In @LOCATION1 today, we are already loaded with obese poeple. @NUM1 outof @NUM2 people are not physically healthy and a majority of obese people today state that they do own a computer. Computers attract people and same @MONTH1 sit at the computer for hours at a time what about excersising or enjoying the outdoors? Computers damage our bodies in a way by luering ourselves in while we can go out and enjoy nature. I definatly will argue this fact that computers have a bad effect on humans. Computer change not only the body, but mind. My sister has a computer in her bedroom and I barely see her at all. She stays up there all the time, and when my mom calls for dinner, it takes more than five @CAPS2 to get her away from her computer. Computers affect people because they keep humans away from civilization. Friends and family are impacted by the lack of interaction from one person. It's disrespectful to take time away from your friends to play on computers. This ruins many peoples social health, because the more they ignore their family or friends, these people will stop trying to interact with them. When these computer finatics came around, there want be anyone there for them. Computers definatly have an unhealthy affect on people who use them. How would you feel if tons of your personal info got out into the public. Nowadays, computers have a major chance to do that to you. Websites like @CAPS4, mysapce, or twitter have your information, and with a click of a button, it can be exposed to the world. Computers have a background of doing this kind of effect on people. Some dont understand what they are doing and if bad info or a picture sends out, it can fully negatively impact your career or edecation. Computers help people to make wrong choices and there is no doubt people should let up on the time they spend on the internet. Many agree, computers disadvantage many people in their own way. Whether it is by taking their health away because it keeps many indoors, or if it costs you your friends and family, computers are not good for your physical and social health. Computers can send out information and they are risky. They will majority impact your future and impact all people in a bad way."	10
"Dear I think computers greatly benefit society, and advance technology. They provide knowledge in a click, and entertainment after a long day out work or school. Not only that, but people have found long-lasting careers because of the invention of the computer. So obviously, computers are a great influence on society. Do you want to find out when major legue baseball first came to be? Or maybe you have a history report due the next day, and your parents can'@CAPS3 drive you to the library? This isn'@CAPS3 a problem anymore. Computers have evolved a long way since they were invented in the @NUM1's. You can check up on your local news, by having @NUM2's of electronic newspapers right at your fingertips. Or maybe you want to venture outside your neighborhood, and check out what's happening in @LOCATION2 or @LOCATION1. News isn'@CAPS3 the only thing the internet is useful for though. You can also go onto one of the @DATE1's of websites for school help, or check how the stock market is doing. Or, you can just use the handy calculator found right on your desktop. What could be better? Of course not all users have a computer for information. Many have it for entertainment purposes. In fact @PERCENT1 of people use the computer for entertainment everyday. What, with all the fun stuff you can do, who can blame them? Social networking is placed at the top of the list. A whopping @PERCENT2 of internet users use sites like @CAPS1 or @CAPS2. These sites are useful for catching up with friends you might not have seen in years or continue a conversation from @NUM3 minutes ago. You can also use computers to watch live-streaming @CAPS3.V, or that new @CAPS4 you got yesterday. That's right, @CAPS3.V's might not be needed soon! And what would a compter be without games? There are @NUM2's of @DATE1's of them scattered all across the web. How great is that? And finally, many people have found their careers through the internet. Did you know that @PERSON1, @NUM5, was found through you tube when his mom posted videos for the family to see when they couldn'@CAPS3 attend proformances? Of couse, you tube isn'@CAPS3 the only way to make money. Tons of jobs are listed by employers only for the curious person to find. No more wondering city streets, now you can just submit on aplication or have an interview without ever leaving your. Artists have also discovered talents, by playing around with @CAPS6 or @CAPS7. Not to mention the career paths involving computers directly, such as repairing or movie special effects. So no matter what you use a computer for have it be job hunting, entertainment, or information, they are a good idea to have them in your home. There's a erason that @PERCENT3 of @CAPS8 use them, and it's not just an excuse to sit around all stay."	11
"Computers are good for school uses, skills, and just for fun. Computers are a good source to have, now that is just my opinion. But, I think computers are mostly for pre-teens and teenagers. Adults mostly use them for business. The fun uses that the computer provides are @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, etc. @CAPS1 is one of the most popular chat groups on the internet, @CAPS2 is another popular chat group. They both have some of the same characteristics like chatting to your friends, updating your status every now and then uploading pictures, songs, etc. There are websites that could be used for free time like music websites where you are allowed to watch music videos or downlosd music onto your ipod. @CAPS3 is a website teenagers of kids go on to watch some of their favorite music videos. Itunes is the program where you can download any song, music video, tv show, or movie onto and ipod. Computers also provide microsoft @CAPS5, publicher, powerpoint, etc. All these can be used for school purposs. @CAPS5 allows you to type up anything you want for school. You can type up a @NUM1 page essay if you wish. You can cut and paste pictures for a project you might have due. You can change the colors, font size, and font style on @CAPS5. That use could be for a design on the front of a cover page for an essay or project. Publisher can be used for projects as well. In school of you need to make a newspaper, flyers, business cards, etc. publisher alloews you to make them. Powerpoint is a program where you can make different slides in anything. Computers can be put to good use for many different things. If people don't agree with that then they don't understand that computers help children and adults with everyday things. Some kids who have special needs @MONTH1 need the computer to comunicate with others. Computer, I think, are a big help in the world."	8
"Dear local newspaper, The question that everyone is asking is do computers benefit to society. I used to think they didn't benefit to society but now I think they do. I think this because, one good place to get information, two we live in a technological advanced society, and three you can keep in touch with people that are at the other side of the world. so do computers really benefit to our society? Computers are a valuable resorce for me when I need to get information. For example, in my recent project in social studies class I need to go on the computer to get information on the subject. Also if you need facts on something and you can't go to the libary the computer has the same information. Also the computer is helpful when trying to find maps to a certain place or a phone number to a store. The computer is and always will be a great source of information. In the @DATE1 technology is a huge part of society. For example the first computer that came out was this huge block that when you did something on it you would put in cardboard card. Now we havethin and small portable computers. So knowing how to use a computer is vital to keep up with the @DATE1. So are you going to let technology pass you by? Computers are one of the best ways to keep in touch. For example if you call someone across the world your phone bill will sky rocket. But if you go on a website like facebook you can talk for free. Also another way to chat with people is by A.I.M. Another free way to talk to people. What same person wouldnt want to talk to their friends and family acroosthe worl, for free? The reasons I have given you are valid reasons with deatails. Technology is like a train are you going to live it."	8
"some people learn about far away places, getting the latest up-dates on important news, and making sloppy work and hand writing seem nice neat. All those thing are some positive benefits people have computers. People all over use computers to research other places computers provide photographs of the place he/she is researching. For example: I remember when I had a social studies project on the @PERSON1, and I had to explain why its a great place to visit for its history. Mind I never even heard on a place called the @PERSON1 @PERSON1, but thanks to computers I googled ""@PERSON1 @PERSON1 @PERSON1"", then the computer gave me all of info. and photos about the mountain @CAPS1. Now I @CAPS2 where and what the @PERSON1 @PERSON1 moutans look like. Secondly, the computers has all the latest news happening all over the world. I remember when the earthquake in haiti first happened my grandmother had it happen until she got on line to check @ORGANIZATION1 and when, where and earthquake on the richter scale. about computers was a I wasn't the best hand writer in class, and could write it out or do it on the computer, plus we were getting graded on neatness, elaboration, and fluency. I choose to do it on the computer it came out nice and neat with picturs. computers has a very positive benefit on people world wide. now matter if its for info, news, or to make thing neates."	8
I think that you can never spend enuf time on the computer it feel there is no bad effet computors can have on you they only improve your life is why. For one thing if you need to find out a important fact date or time. You can just look it up on the computor. The internt is a never ending sorce of knolage and you can learn just about any thing that you need to know just by searching it on the computor.Another usefull thing the computor dose is the ability to talk to people useing eother @CAPS1-mail @CAPS2 or that rooms you can meet new people or talk to a distant friend or relitive on the computor and you can even hook up a web camera and actuly see theam as they talk to you something a phone cannot do. Also the computor is a good souce of entertainment. You can play a number of games off the internet. You can even down load consal games onto your computor. Another thing you can do is watch full episodes of @CAPS3 shows and movies like if you wer fallewing a telivison selles and you missed an episode you can just go look it up. And a favorit of mine is youtube wether you watch random videos watch famous youtube stars on post videos of your own ther is always fun to be had. And finaly all the programs on the computer ther is an endless amont of programs you can have downloaded they can be for fun such as paint and flash or they can be important like worn or knot book every program tha computer offers is usefull and fun to use and you can use most of these programs to help you in the real. Now I have mentioned some of the many thing why you can never spend enuf time on the computer shure exersise and nator can be helth but you can do only of that stuff I just mentond by takeing a nator walk so wont you agree computors improve our life more then they are unhealthy.	8
"Dear editor, computers are good for people because it really helps with they work and home work and other stuff."	2
"@CAPS1. The computer is a wonderful thing! However the effects it has on people can be bad. Think of it this way, it has magnetic forces that pull people to it and keep them @CAPS3 for hours. These magnetic forces keep people from exercising, stops them from spending time with family and friends and most importantly if they aren't being careful they can get into some cyber danger. I spoke with the @CAPS2 of @PERSON2 and he said "@CAPS3 are so many people on their computers, people aren't getting enough exercise!" @CAPS4 people dont get enough exercise their bodies expand and become obese. This happens a lot to average people. The @CAPS2 and I thought up some great ideas while I was @CAPS3 and we think for one week in @DATE1 we are going to live without any electricity! Computers are very use-full, they help spread important information around fast and make it easy to talk to friends and family. Even though you are talking to them you are not learning any new social skills. Typing on the computer is a lot different from talking in person. Usually you would type "u" instead of "you" or "r" instead of "are". Talking over the computer is great!" says @PERSON1, "But actually seeing my family and talking talking to them is way better." @CAPS6, @CAPS7, @CAPS8, and way more sights websites can put you in cyber danger! Cyber danger is @CAPS4 you get in trouble on the computer. This can happen @CAPS4 you put up bad pictures of yourself or other people, @CAPS4 you talk to someone you have never met before, or you say something really mean to that girl you don't like. Those situations can all put you in a really tough place. Even if you have a webpage and you put it on private @CAPS3 is always a way to get in. @CAPS3 is also something called cyber bullying. Cyber bullying is @CAPS4 you get bullyed or are bullying another person over the computer. Don't think that no one will know @CAPS3 are ways to track down coversations between people. I really hope you all take this into account @CAPS4 you think about sitting at your computer! Go outside, spend time with your family and friends, and be careful from cyber danger! "@NUM1" bye!"	8
"Dear @PERSON1 editor, I think that the computers have both positive and negative effects, but more positive. For example, when people get home from work or school, they immedlatly go on the computer, to check email, do work, or to play games. I think that it's good to connect with friends and learn about the far away nature and people that we cant see, but too much of it will be bad. I know it will be bad because it can cause a lack of exercise and the computer can cut you off from your family and friends if you're on it too much, I think it's good to go on the computer for a limited amount of time each day, but also spend time outside with family and friends. The computer is good because of all the extrodinary things it offers and the things you can learn. I myself like to play video games on it like bubble spinner but at the same time I'll be on facebook, facebook lets me connect with friends and family while bubble spinner helps with hand-eye coordination, when projects came along I usually do all my research there, picking up information on each site. I also do all the writing on it too so it wont look messy but instead, clean and neat. The computer also offers video of pretty much anything on t.v. and otherwise, like youtube or google videos. The computer lets me see nature, talk to friends and family, and lets me see things, like videos, that twill never ever see in books. These show that the computer has a bigger positive impact than negative and we should take advantage of the new technology that we have and not let it go to waste. The computer is a nice outlit to come home and let yourself unwind to. People say that you don't get enough exercise but we have gym and recess at school and we become exhausted at work, which is enough exercise for the day. Computers are a nice device to have and are by far, used daily by almost everyone. So it can't be all that bad by depriving you from nature and family because it lets you see it anyway. The effects it has on people are good because of the knowledge and communication it brings. I hope you see my point of view."	8
"Dear @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 The purpose of this letter is about how computers have changed our lives for the better. They have improved our society. Changed our way of life and have made things easier. I am a firm beliver that computer were one of the greatest invention of all time. Computers have had a very vital and positive impact on society. For example, education has vastly expanded since the computer. Both teachers and students have benefited. Students can now search the intrenet and learn about different places, things in history, how to read and write bette, etc. Also computers have been a major part in entertainment. From reading online news to watching movies and listening to music computers entertain all of us. And computers help us connect with friends and even meet new people. Aside from that computers make life easier. People can get degrees from learning online learn another. Research as also easier than is to computers you can just about anything than to computers. Some people say computers stop people acting with family but infact facebook you can still. Computer have also ourlives. From helping small buiness thrive by making it easier to make and recieve orders to help spread information globaly computers make this all possible. As I have shown computers have benefited society and have had a positive effect on human beings from educating individuals to staying in touch with relitives, computers have made their mark on improving the way we live. I hope this letter will help show you that computers are a necesary part of the twenty first century."	8
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people use computers more? No they @CAPS2 not use computers more. Computers have many benefits to society but it also have many negitive effects on people who use them. People are spending more time on computers and less than exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. First, people spend less time exercising. Most athletes have to stay fit and healthy to play in there sport. I am a wrestler and a baseball player but if I don't spend some time a day working out or staying active. I will be out of shape and weaker once my match or next game come along. I'm sure olympic athletes work out and stay active daily so they can be stronger and faster than anybody else out there so I don't know why people sit at home on the computer all day. Second, people don't take the time to enjoy nature. Nature is one of the most beautiful things on this planet. Wether you hiking a mountain of a lake, nature is all around you. I personaly love to hunt and fish. I take the time every sumer, @DATE1, fall,and sometimes winter to go out, enjoy nature, and have fun, and so do many other people in the world. Everyone who sits at home on the computer can't enjoy this gift that we have been given. Third, people won't take the time to with family or friends. If you the computer all day ther you can't go out and be active with your friends, or go for a bike ride with you brother. If you are on the computer you on family friend time that could be being used as a fishing trip or a walk in the woods. If you don't spend time with your family because of something you're doing on the computer, then you just a person. You won't valueable thing that you have in life you r family and you @CAPS2 always be able to make time them. Finally, @CAPS2 people use computers more? No, they @CAPS2 not use computers more. Computers take time away from exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. There are good things about computers, but the less time you spend on them, the better it is for everyone."	9
"Dear Newspaper, I often think about the effect of technology on humans. The human race has discovered many things but our biggest advance is technology. New machines are robots are built all the time, and our knowledge of machines and artificial minds is rapidly growing. The most widely used machine is the computer. People use it for all sorts of things, communucation, awareness and learning and entertainment. Some experts are concerned that people spend too much time on computers and it couldn't agree more. Computers maybe useful but they are over used. People spend more time staring at the screen than exercising and interacting with friends and family. Computers are also not always dependable or safe. First of all, the biggest computer users are adolesents. Young adults spend hours on websites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, and @CAPS3 communicating with their friends. At their young age, exercise is very important. Obesity in children from lack of exercise is becoming very common, and its because young people are glued to their computer screens. The averange child need @NUM1 minutes of exercise a day, and many have very little none. I say the computers are ok, but only in small doses. The growing mind and body needs to move and exercise. If internet use among children and teenagers is not cut back, some worry that there will be a lot more health problems in the future. Although it is very east to quickly communicat through the internet, it can sometimes do more harm than good. Kids who spend hours @CAPS4 or emailing their peers spend less time with their families. I've heard parents say they barely see their kids because their always either doing homework. Also, @CAPS5 to @CAPS5 conversations are fading. Because of the internet, people no longer need to get together and talk, @CAPS6 turn on their computers, which is a waste of energy. Why not just go see your friend @CAPS6 of typing all day? Lastly, computers have just as many disadvantages as they do advantages. There are plenty of dangers out there in @LOCATION1. Online predators lurk as many comers, and your personal information and identity can easily be stolen. The risk of any of these things happening is very high. Its better safe than sorry. So, if you think about it, we really don't need computers to survive. You need your exercise, don't blow it off for online chat. Also, its very important to interact and be part of your family, and less internet use will cut down the risk of identity theft, or any other problem or virus. It's your time now. Get outside have @CAPS5 to @CAPS5 conversation with a friend and internet with your family. You can be healthy, happy, and safe without constantly typing any at the keyboard."	10
"I think that computers help people in there everyday lives. They just make things so much easier. Computers help us to find information @CAPS2 we needed. Book hotels and airliners, they even allow us to interact with our friends. Yes it might take away times to do other things like exercising, but we can find out away to do both. Everyday I would go on the computer a little bit and then go outside for an hour to play basket ball. People just need to find a way to it out. Computers are good for if you need to find information about anything. All you need to do is type in what you want, and within seconds you have hundreds of different links for your desire. For example if you are in @CAPS1 school and you are deciding what college that you should go try the a great place that you can go to get information. People all over the world do that just about everyday. It is also a great place if you need information if you are doing a project in school and you need more info on your subject @CAPS2 I say it make things a lot easier there is no better example a reservation for a hotel or buying a plane ticket. Both of those things do on a computer because otherwise odds are you with of then. If we didn't have computers you would need to go to the hotel and get a room, and if there were no room you out of luck. On a computer it will say if they have any or not you would need to @CAPS3 tickets would have the exact same thing. Computer say @CAPS2 there are available flights to your destination and how much. So @CAPS2 you go to the airport you are not surprised. Another good reason why computer are good for people is that it helps your interact with your friends and family @CAPS2 you can't see them. There so many different ways you can do it to. On @CAPS4, @CAPS5, myspace. All the websites like that help you stay in touch with all of your friends. Even now they have somethings where you can actually see the person you are talking to over the computer. So if you have no chance of seeing each other anytime soon you can talk to them then. I even do that with my brother, he is in college and I dont see him that much so I just start chatting with him on the computer. Now those are some reasons on why I feel that computers are a great part of our lives. Thing like finding information and booking hotels, airplanes, ect. All help make our lives a lot easier at times. And talking with other people just makes us happy. Now I hope you see why computers are a good part of all of our lives."	10
"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 computers were invented they have grown so much, which make a lot @ORGANIZATION1 people use them more. More and More people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. Those who suffort advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people, but there are negative effects too. I believe that computers are a negative effect on people vecause people spend too much time on computer; not exercising, there are many dangers, and less interacting with family and friends. First @ORGANIZATION1 all, a negative effect computers have on people is that they spend too much time on the computer and that leads to less exercise. Recently, @CAPS3 spoke to a local @CAPS2 about this issue and she spoke out, "@CAPS3 have one family computer and my son is the one who is always on it right after school to late at night." This shows that many children are on a computer too much. I have to input that I personally sit on my computer at times and not even realize two hours past. I try to cut back on my computer times, but it doesn't really work out. Sitting on the computer for hours everyday is also looking exercise. The hours used up on the computer could be the time in which you are exercising. someone's health is very important now. Spending too much time on the computer and not getting exercise is a major negative effect computers have on people. Secondly, the most concern parents have @ORGANIZATION1 computers are the many dangers, which is another negative effect it has on people. Recently the new biggest site is facebook. So many people are addicted to it. Though, it isn't that safe all the time. Another new thing is oovoo or skype, which allows you to talk to someone with webcam. There could be a time when a teen "meets" someone on-line and agree to do things on the webcam for someone they don't really know to see. These sites aren't safe, and knowing youngs they can in danger. @CAPS3 spoke to some researchers about this and they would agree that these sites are @PERCENT1 dangerous to young teens. All these dangerous risks as another negative effect computers have on people. Lastly, another negative effect computers have on people is there is less interactions with family and friends. Instead @ORGANIZATION1 getting together with a friend people just go on the computer to talk. That isn't the same as an actual get together. I actually enjoy family parties. Seeing all my aunts, uncles, and cousins it so much better and fun. I do e-mail my family and friends when I don't see them, but I get excited when @CAPS3 have get togethers. Now a day it's not like that for a lot @ORGANIZATION1 people. Many people work long times and spend too much time on the computer, which takes time away from interacting with others, and that should be more important. The computer also, negatively effects people with interacting with family and friends. In conclusion, I see computers as a negative effect on people. Computers make people spend a lot @ORGANIZATION1 time have dangerous risks, and take away interaction time. I strongly suggest you look over my terms."	10
"To whom it @MONTH1 concern, @CAPS1 more people are getting involved with using the computer while I think that is great other don't. I believe that using a computer is a good thing because technology is going to progress and computers will be the base, also computers are safer now because or privacy options and virus block. Finally, computers help you gather knowledge that no one book could tell you. Although technology is progressing computers are only the basics. Sooner or later everything will be based on computers like, jobs, school, and ever the medical field. Jobs will have more computers and touch screen devises because they are easier and more technologicly advanced. As for school @CAPS1 students have to take computer classes to learn how to write brouchures and make websites. The medical field is now using more advanced ultrasounds that take the image and make it there dementional. So, if everything is changing around you why do you want to be stick in the past? Although, some people are worried about internet saftey and viruses, there are ways that those can be limited. As for social networking sites don't set it up for the whole world to see. Set it up for only your friends to see. Also, make sure you know who your friends are. As for viruses, don't go on websites that cause viruses. Also, you can get a virus blocker that helps eliminate them. The computer also helps to give you and get you knowledge. You can learn about cocrent civilizations. Or modern day without taking a step out of your house. Also the internet has vertual simulations so you can experence what it was like in other coultures, in other time pericals. Computers give you knowledge that help you through your life especially if you don't have a library. Even though some people disagree computers are the base of technology, safe, and full of knowledge I do. Yes, they do have some flaws but they are a great learning tool."	8
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and kids of any age at this society, are way to focused on the latest technology. One piece of equptment that is affecting peoples lives, is the computer. We need to get rid of this habbit and learn to do different activites! People are spending way to much time on computers and less time enjoying nature excersing, and need to interact with friends and family more take the time to agree with me as I confront you on how the computer is taking over our lives! Is time flying you by? Are you overwhelmed, at how life passes you so quickley? Well, if you answered yes, stop the computer madness and head on outside! Your no enjoying nature! Nature is as beautiful as a gorgeous scene of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 love oceans with pink sand. Who would want to miss this? @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 complain that they rarely enjoy what life has to take on the outside of your house. Just think you won't be able to see the stupendous, the seasons changing, withought going outdoors. ""I want my @CAPS6, to experience the wide variety of nature as she grows old."" @CAPS5 of her daughter. Well, @MONTH1 I add, little @CAPS6 is not going to get much nature out of her, if she does not get her eyes unglued to the comuter screen! Yes, comuters, are very brilliant, and have lots to do, but if you want to be missing out on the new trees being discovered every day, be my guest! @PERCENT2 of all the population in the @LOCATION2 is overweight due to technology brought into our world. The greatest impart is the computer! high-paid physicians try and teach their parents at a young age, to go out and play sports - while excersing at the same time and nor to stay home and play videogames. Now you tell me, would you rather get a good healthy excersise, and have all the energy you need or would you like to slowy add on to your and gain issues as you the internet? I remember @DATE1, I grabred my nike hightops, and my pink ipod I started jogging at a slow while listening to my favorite song. Naturally by I felt amazing when my was complete going each day is as healthy as eating a bannana, @NUM1 apples, and cheese eery morning their healthy! ""@CAPS7 since technology has been a part of my life, my two daughters have not visited their grand parents in over @NUM1 years! This needs to step!"" @CAPS8 @PERSON1 to the press. Yes, comuters have ""online-talking"" devices such as @CAPS9, but if you are never going to spend quality time with family, this is a bad habbit. On @DATE3, @DATE2, my brother and I, were too busy on the computer, we missed a birthday party the family we are addicted to this device, and need to spend time with our loved ones. @PERCENT3 of all therapy computers have @CAPS2 into depresion and have been with their plains, due to the high amount of to do on this device and less time bonding with members of your Who would rather play on a old, gray, computer when you can have fun talking about you day and the game life with your family? @CAPS10's now a never! What will you choose? Do you agree that computers take over lives? If you try and prove me wrong just remember, nature is a big and many people are missing out on the advantage technology is taking over peoples excersing habbits, and many families are less bonding @CAPS10's up to you keep the population of @LOCATION1 in good hands!"	12
"Dear local newspaper committee...., I am writing to you, about how there is a substancial dilemma within the concern of computer use. From my data that I have collected, computers are both somewhat good, and bad. But I believe that there are more reasonable ""@CAPS1,"" toward computer use. In my opinion, I state that computers are quite addicting due to, addiction of computer, loss time of exercise, and how computers @MONTH1 ""help,"" one in obtaining the loss of their social enviorment. Computer @MONTH1 seem helpful but of @ORGANIZATION1 they are a great way to research for @ORGANIZATION1 reasons. But there is also the choice of books for research. Computer use has risen to a substancial crisis line, because they are addicting. An example is the well-known link called, ""@CAPS2,"" @CAPS2 is a place where you can socialize. But when your child has a @CAPS2, and they are on the computer doing ""homework,"" there is a @PERCENT1 that they will end upon @CAPS2, than rather doing their homework that important information was found at an @ORGANIZATION1 @DATE1. Computers are addicting also because of online computer games. Computer games online can be fun, but are a complete waste of time for you electrical bill, and @ORGANIZATION1 purposed of you child. Computers are very addicting in terms of @CAPS2, and online games. Computers are somewhat good, but are very to you health. Did you know that @PERCENT2 of @LOCATION1 has increased their weight, due to videogames and computer? Computers are horrible when it comes to this topic. Overtime, you begin to gain weight by spending more time using the computer and less time working out and staying fit. This also revolves around addiction, by using the computer over a large period of time. In the end, computers are a harzardous topic, when it comes to working out, and staying in shape. Computers are terrible and horrified when it comes to friends. Friends are people who spend time with you and interact with you. But computers see it a different way. by using computer for a long period of time, you begin to think how computers are all you need. Soon enough, your friends will leave you because you don't care about them, and forget them. This also revolves around addiction. By addiction, you lose your friends and you damage your social enviornment. Computer @MONTH1 seem ""fun,"" but are defuliated when it comes to friends. In the end, I beleive that computers are a waste, because they are addicting you become very unhealthy and they strive to damage your social enviornment. With the facts I have stated, they have supported my reasons. Computers are not the way to go. So, try books."	9
"Dear Local Newspaper, I agree with the concerned experts, im sure many others agree also. I bet you that if you keep reading it would be understandable, why I agree. First of all, too many people spend to much time talking with friends online. I think that once you start talking with them online, finish up the conversation face to face or by telephone. Talking online is a great way to connect with friends and people you haven't seen in a long time, but too much of that can start problems. For example rumors. In my opinion when friends get to excited online they decide to start rumors about other people and it ends up being sent to almost everybody. Another example is online arguing which can lead up to many problems like fighting when you get back to school. How would you feel if you turned on your computer and find out that someone has been talking about you or that someone is trying to start a fight with you? I'm positive that you would not enjoy it and your feeling might be hurt. Next reason is, being on the computer too much can effect most peoples grades. Many people are going home and turning on their computer instead of doing their homework or studying. There are many people who go to my school and their grades have declined because of online usage. Pretty soon many people will be held back because they have failed the school year. For example, picture yourself as a parent and getting your child's report card and find out they have all @CAPS1's or mostly @CAPS2's. You wouldn't like that either. Lastly, computers have cause another problem called bullying. Too many children are being bullied online and they are being hurt. Those children who are being the bullies are enjoying it while the children who are getting bullied are sad. Thinking that nobody cares about them. Bullying has caused death or many other problems. Imagine, being someone, getting bullied and your feelings are really hurt, you dont talk to an adult or a parent all you end up doing is killing yourself. Picture how many parents are upset and how yours would be too to find that their child has been bullied to death, it really hurts them. And i'm sure if you were one of those parents you wont be too happy. In conclusion, being online too much has an effect on everybody and"	8
"To whom it @MONTH1 concern, I think computers are a good thing. It is good because you get to learn about forein places. Keep in touch with family and friends and it is good entertainment. First, computers are great to learn about forein places. On the computers you could research a place and look at pictures before you go. If I wanted to go to a far away place like @LOCATION3. I would go on the computer and find the best part to go to and I would look at different hotels to stay at the reviews it has gotten. Aslo, if someone were to do a paper on a different country or even state that they've never been to they would go on the computer. Sure, you can get the same info from books but you can filter out what you don't need on the computer. In my history calss, I had to do a report on the state of @LOCATION2. I have never been there so I want on the computer. Books could have given me the same info but computers are always up to date and accurate. Seecond, computers help you keep in touch with family and friends. There are numerous websites that allow you to share photos and talk to friends or family. I recently signed up for facebook and I am able to talk to friends instead of using mytexts and running over the phone bill every mont. My dad has a facebook too, he talks to people he hesn't seen since he moved heve from the @LOCATION1 white mountains. Some other sites are aim, aol, and myspace. Lastly computers are good entertainment. Computers allow you to see that concert you didn't go to or that movie that's never on tv. When I went to a skate board demo at skate lair I had tons of fun. The other day though, I started thinking about it. I went on youtube and type in""nike sb skate lair demo"" and clicked on it. i watched it and about halfway through it I saw my face! i was so exited. Computer also allow you to check the news and weather. This is good because if you are on the road and you want to see what's going on you can take out a laptop and checked the weather or news. That is why I think computers are necessary. Yes people do stay on four hours at a time but most people only go on for a small amount."	9
"Dear @CAPS1 Newspaper I'm writing a letter to you about how I feel about the effects that computers have on people. One of my reasons is that people that spend to much time on the computers they are litting their lifes pass by them. But the people that work on computers all day is a different thing. My second reason is that people could be on the computers and still interact with their family because they live with each other. My last reason is why do people want to be on computers all day. I'm not talking about the people that work on computer. My last reason is that the people that is spending all their time on the computer they are letting their lifes pass by there. The reason I say this is because if you are on the computer @NUM1 your life is passing by you. Because you are not doing nothing, just sitting in a chair in the computer getting fat. Also if you are going to be on the computer at least they to find a job on the computer. But I'm not talking about the people that work in computer all day long, because they have to do it. Its their job to. Thats one of my reasons. My second reason is that the people this me in the computer they still interact with their family. The reasons I say this is because you could be on the computer and will interact with my family because you live it the same huge as them, two when you are not in the computer you could be with your family and spend time with them. That's why i said that you still could interact with your family even you see on the computer. The last and final reason is do people to spend most of their lifes on the computer. The person I like this because type of person would spend most of their life on the computer and don't go find a job go enjoy their life. Also if you got kids you have fun with your children and make them believe that they parents that was to them, that, they had fun with them, and that they had somebody that they could look up too. So don't spend your life time on the computer geting fat, not spending time with their children and make something yourselfs. But I'm not talking about the people that workon computers. I'm talking about the people that don't work on computers. Thats why I said don't let youre life pass by you. i hope you liked the prompt and that you wont spend a lot of your life in the computer doing nothing just getting fat and letting your life pass you. I'll report myself again I'm not talking about the people that have to work in the computer. I'm talking about the people that don't work in computers."	8
"In my opinion, I do believe that computers are good for you. I agree so because one, it can help you to communicate with other family members around the world. Two, it can teach you new languages you really desired to learn, and three, it can keep you updated on whats happening around the world. First, i believe that computers are good for you because it can let you communicate with your long-lost relatives you hardly see anymore. For example, if you miss any of your family members, you can simply go to your computer and search them up so you can type to them or talk to them through via chat mode, then you won't ever have that missing feeling anymore since you have a computer. In addition, computers can teach you how to learn new languages you alway's wanted to know, like, @CAPS1, or @CAPS2, or even @CAPS3 if you wanted! You can just simply go to your computer and type in ""language of @CAPS2"", and listen what it tells you of @CAPS2! Moreover, computers can keep you updated on whats happening around the world! It is way better to see it on computers than on tv's bevause computers give you more information about the situation of the event! Likewise, you could click, ""locate area"", on the computer and see in which area the incident took place in. You could also see the video's, behold the images, and seek the location of it on the computer. Sadly, my lecture has come to an . Those were my three main reasons why computers are good for people: You can communicate with long-lost relatives of yours, you can learn new languages, and therefore be updated on the qhats happening around the world. Would'nt you wan't to uphold those amazing events also?"	8
Computers are good to use because it tells you everything. Like if you need a number to a restaurant you can just get it off the computer and sometimes when you wanna go on a vacation and if you wanna know how much it cost you go onto the computer. And computers are good because if you wanna travel to different places you can go onto the computer and look for a map and print it out. But sometimes computer are bad because when people go on web sites to chat peoples can be grown ups but talking to little kids. 	5
"Dear Local newspaper, I think computers are great sources. They help us instanly when we have to find something. Computers are very helpful and they are easy to use. Once you have mastered the computer it feels like you can do almost anything on it. Computers are great but the can also have negative effects on us too. I like, computers but I am going to say I am against them. When people get on their computers it's like they're in another world. When your on the computer you are alot less socal than you would be if you not on the computer. On don't know about you but alot of people are addicted to their computers. They get on an they stay on forever. The act like it is a neccesity to be on the computer every day. I do not have to be on computer websites like @CAPS1 and here is why. Compters get really annoyting sometimes. They distract people alot. Like the other day my sister and I were going to @NUM1 walking but we didn't go because she wouldn't help us exercise so we shouldn't be using it. In this economy it is important to have socal skills. Instant messaging people doesn't mean you are going socal skills. You actually have to get out and talk to people face to face. When I am on the computer to long I know. I know this because my eyes start to hurt. This is bad for your eye sight. People sit in their houses and just stare at the bright screen. They @MONTH1 not know but that is blinding so they must not stay on the computers long. These were some reason why you should not use the computer. I am not saying that it is an evil contraption I'm just saying, use the computer for info and work not for games and other things. You could be outside having fun instead of sitting up in your house so get out! Go make some real breathing friends in person."	8
"Dear local newspaper writer, I'm writting to talk to you about the use of computers. I think computers benifit our comunties a lot. I feel this way because it can warn us about a natural disaster. It teaches us about everything & everything. Last we get to talk to people online In these next paragraphs ill share my thoughts about this topic to you. My first reason is natural disasters. Computers always warn us about them. For example when hurricane katrina hit computers were able to see that on their. Many people was able to flee the city before that happened. States shows @PERCENT1 of the natural disasters computer classified them. Computers saves people live eaach & every. Another example is with the earthquakes that recently happened in @LOCATION1. Computers informed many people about them. Those were my reasons how computers warn us about natural disasters. My second reason why I say computers benifit us is because it teaches us about everything & anything we learn about faraway places, new word & things that is happening in our own country. For example I had to research a person my project & all I dis was type in his name & pages full of information popped. You will be amazal how much information the computer has. Comuter has everything you need on as person & so much more. this is my second reason why computers are helpful. My last reason we get to talk online. Now the has its pros & cons. Talking online is very fun. I mean you in many website, myspace, facebook, twitter. Its never ending. People can talk to old friends, family anybody really. But many people have to be careful cause their creeps out ther. Like say you can't meet up with you friend you can @ORGANIZATION1 or ooVoo (webcame) them. The computer is you friend. So you might as well make good use with it. This is my last reason now the computer can benifit you. In conclusion I think the computer makes the world that much easier. My reason why you ask. It warns us about, natural disaster. It teaches us everything & anything. Last up can talk online."	9
"Dear Local Newspaper: Are computers possitively affecting society? As technology advances, humans are relying on them more and more; most people use them daily. I believe computers effect people possitively because they help write papers, are a social tool, and are a big help with research. After reading this letter there will be no doubt that computers have a possitive effect on people in society. My first reason why computers have a possitive effect on people is they help with writing papers. Whether it is writing a resume, a science report, or a spreadsheet, none of these are ever seen nowadays done by hand. Everyone expects to see the flawlessly inked letters on the printer paper in whatever piece of writing it is. This helps the people writing the paper because writing takes many drafts to get the piece perfect; it is a pain to write each draft by hand. In additio, it is easier to read someone's writing @CAPS1 its typed, especially @CAPS1 the writer has hand writing. However, computers help in more than just writing papers. My second reason why computers passitively effect people is by being a social tool. Many websites online these days have social networks such as youtube, facebook, twitter, and myspace. In the listed websites above and many others as well, people can meet other people through other friends and games. The nice thing about meeting them online is that you don't have to plan a time to meet the person, @CAPS1 you are both online you guys can begin chatting. The chatting also helps @CAPS1 people have long-distance relationships, whether friends, mates, or family. Online chatting help people stay in-touch with someone they might not see everyday. That is a big help with everyone's social life, keeping then us ""the "" @CAPS2, online sites like eharmony or match.com take people with little time to worry about love and match them with their perfect mate. This also helps people who are shy get married and start a family. This helps people live happier lives, another possitive effect. Finally, computers possitively effect people by making research much easier. My dad always says ""You kids got it easy. @CAPS1 I was growing up, we'd to go to the library and spend hours researching before we could write our papers."" @CAPS3, its simple. Using the internet and a search engine, all you have to do is type a topic and you can get all the latest articles in just seconds. Libraries might not have the most recent books, or someone might've checked out your topic's book. Then what can you do? The internet is also an extremely useful help @CAPS1 the research topic is very specific, if its a certain becteria or species that a book @MONTH1 only briefly mention. The internet has a much broader range of articles, so it is much easier to find information for any topic. With research, taking less time to understand, people can spend more time enjoying the day, like playing outside, than in the library stressing because they cannot find a book on their topic. This is a strong reason why computers should not be seen as a negative effect on society. To conclude, computers have a possitive effect on society, because they help write papers, they are a social tool, and are a big help with research. Where would we be if we had to handwrite everything? Think about how many fewer friends or maybe even relationships we would have without social websites. What about how hours of research are @CAPS3 two clicks away? Computers have changed our lives for the better, and we should appreciate all the do for us."	11
"Computers and other devices are good for humans especially young people like myself because they are good for communication, keeping the attention of the and providing unknown information. In @CAPS3 letter, I will explain. Communication is key, and technology is close the best and fastest way to use communiocation. Cell phones provide calling usage of course, but they also allow you to text someone. If you have dinner with friends and your late, with text you can send them a message and they should get it in no time at all. Email allows you to do the same as text, but you can write longer messages. Something that's really good for communicating is video chat. If you have a relative that you haven't seen in a long time you can video chat and they can see you and you can see them. It's like talking to one another in person. Keeping a persons attention is critical. Technology does that with games, music from @NUM1's, computers, game systems and the newest way, iPod's and instructions on how to do something. Of course a teacher or parents can do that, but heaving or seeing instructions on a computer is so much more exciting, which brings me back to @CAPS3 topic of keeping a persons attention. Technological devices are more exciting than people teachers and definitely parents but do they offer more? Information is most likiely the most frequent reason in which technology is used. If a child has a project for school, they either use the computers or asks their parents. If the parents have no idea about the question their child just asked, they say, ""@CAPS1 it up on the computer"", if you havent already done that. So in a way the human race depends on technology, actually we do depend on technology. Computers cellphones, iPods, gamesystems, etc all include a little thing I'd like to call the internet. The internet has been around for a while, going from extremely slow to high-speed, and it is a magical place. It can provide you with directions,recipes, job offers, store locations show times for movies and much , much more. Although technology is used in everyday life from communication to searching for information it can slowly us the human race down. I mean most of us spend most of our time on @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 @CAPS4 when we should be walking around are exercising, looking at the trees and the birds and communicating with family face ti face. Therefore, computers and other things are nice and all, but are the worth getting fat or loosing touch with your loved ones."	8
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I took a poll of @NUM1 people and @PERCENT1 of them agree computers have a positive effect on people. Computers can help people talk to someone in a far away place, teach people hand-eye coordination, and give the ability to learn about people or places. Using computers is a great way to keep in touch with someone. For example, my grandparents live in @LOCATION2. Some of the ways I keep in touch with them are e-mailing, video chating, and instant messaging. Some other good things about talking to people online is if you're talking to many people at once or if your parents are on the phone. Another good thing about computers is they are good at teaching people hand-eye coordination. The ways of teaching this are typing, and clicking on something, @CAPS1 people, when they type, look at the keyboard. But, with pratice, they will advance to looking at the computer screen while typing. To click on something, you need to move the mouse while still looking at the screen. That, believe it or not, is hand-eye coordination. One last reason computers are good at helping people is it a student needs to look up a place or person for a school report, they can very easily go to google.com and type in who or what they are looking for. Another option is , say someone is going on a vacition to @LOCATION1 and they know nothing about it. They can go on the internet and get information on @LOCATION1 with just a couple clicks of the mouse. Finally, say someone wants to learn about @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2 for fun: They type @ORGANIZATION2 in look at all the websites, choose the best one, and start reading. In conclusion, I deffinately think computers have a positive effect on people for the reasons I have stated. People can talk to someone online, computers can teach hand-eye coordination, and finially, people can look a person or place up using the internet. This is my opinion on computers, I hope you agree."	8
"Did you know that @PERCENT2 out of @PERCENT1 children today, prefer to play games on the computer than do other activities? My opinion about this topic is that it is more important for children to do things other than sit on the computer all day. The reasons why I feel this way is because it is important to exercise, children tend to be addicted to playing on the computer, and if someone's life revolves around the computer than they most likely, won't be able to live on the ""real world"". When a child sits at the computer all day, they are not getting exercise. Today, obesity is a major problem. If people stay on the computer less and exercise more than this situation could decrease. Also, it is important for children to get fresh air. When someone plays on the computer they are not getting as much fresh air as you would outdoors. Lastly, who realize the importance of exercise tend to participate in sports, to stay active and have fun. Once you begin to play games on the computer, there is not turning back. In today's society, children of all ages, become addicted to the computer. Children who are addicted pay no attention to their surroundings. Also, some of these games might be inappropriate for younger players. Lastly, if children become addicted, they could do poorly in school for refusing to do homework. If a child is constantly on the computer than they have a chance of not being prepared for the ""real world."" In the ""real world,"" you can't rely on computer games. Also, games won't teach you things that you can only learn during school. Later in life, when you want to get a job, you won't be able to be accepted because you will not sound knowledgable. Lastly, when you are writing your application to go to a college, they will look at your records of sports and activities you've done in middle school. When they don't find anything, they will reject you because of your lack of participation. So when you are sitting at the computer screen, remember all the possibilities you have other than the computer. For example, it is important for you to exercise, playing games on the computer could make you addicted and you won't be prepared for te ""real world"". What is your opinion?"	9
"Do you have computer at home that you go on? Everyone goes on the computer for many different reasons with friends or for projects and @CAPS5 like that. Computers can be good in many ways but they can not be. Computers are made it do all @CAPS5 to help us learn. I personally think that computers are good. We can learn @CAPS5 that are going on from far away. An example is if we have a big project in @CAPS1 @CAPS2 about @LOCATION2, and we dont know the computer can look all different focus and see pictures. Computers can the history of place not us. I can sister talking how they had that has to be taken using a computer. The answer in the question world war @CAPS3. She got a @PERCENT1 we @MONTH1 also be able to see whats going on with the @LOCATION1 and different place. All you have to do for that is go on the compute and look it up. ""okay class today we will be going down in the computer to do some research."" said my teacher. ""what are we going ""@CAPS4."" @CAPS5 that are going on the @LOCATION1. All of these @CAPS5 can us research projects many other @CAPS5. We can also use computers. Computers also have different @CAPS5. An example at the program can help us that they let us look information, play game, help with our homework. I have just realized that you can pretty much do anything you want on a computer. @CAPS2 shows that @PERCENT2 of people in the @LOCATION1 go on the computer for help with their. I can remember my friend telling me that she always types her essays because its for her teacher and from typing. So the program is helpful to us. people always go on the computer and love @CAPS5 that are an save, at their. I usually do that so I know when a good is to an in the to buy what I want. Well you should really consider thinking about this those cant even reasons the people in the @LOCATION1."	10
"Dear editor, @CAPS1 you think that people spending a lot of time on the computer is good, I don't. People should get more exercize. Also they don't get enough fresh air. Finnaly they don't spend enough time with family and friends. Now we have to determin weather people should spend a lot of time on the computers. Those people who spend alot of time on the computer could be going outside everyday to get exersize. Some parents got their kids hooked on playing on the computer all day instead of going out side to get exersize. They could ride bikes, scooters, play basket ball, wiffle ball. They can also go swimming play, sports, and go to a play ground. Finnally they could go for a long walk on the beach. People need to get fresh air instead of being on the computer all day. They can go sit on the beach for awile, go outside to watch their kids play or watch their games like baseball or basket ball, or they can go outside just to be outsides. They can go sit on their porch to wait for their kids to get off the bus from school. Those people who love to play on the computor don't spend enough time with their family or friends. They could go visit their family more often, go out for lunch with their frinds. Also they can spend more time doing things with their kids. Even though there is a chat on the computer it is nice to talk to your friends in person. The time has come to decide weather people spending a lot of time on the computer is a bad thing or not. They don't ge enough exersize every day. They also don't get enough freshair. Finally they spend time with their friends and family. So now you need to write a letter to your local newspaper telling them which you are choosing."	8
"Dear @CAPS1, You use a computer a lot right? Good if you @CAPS7 because @CAPS7 you beleive that experts are questioning why @CAPS5 use them a lot? Well I think people need them because its how @CAPS5 know whats going on in the world, its how @CAPS5 know how the weather is like so accidents can be avoided, and you you can flip on your @CAPS2.V., but than you have to wait for what you want to go on. So you decide @ORGANIZATION1, should @CAPS5 be outside more? DonÅf@CAPS2 you need to know whats going on too? Of course you @CAPS7, everyone does. I think that it is important that @CAPS5 know @CAPS4 a meteor is about to strike the world no? President @PERSON2 even says the computer is where @PERCENT2 of the world gets info. On whats going on. Are you just going to sit there and not listen to the president of the @LOCATION1? DonÅf@CAPS2 think so. Im @PERCENT1 sure that @ORGANIZATION1 doesnÅf@CAPS2 want to be known as the accident State. Well thats why @CAPS5 need the computer! For people to know if I will snow, sleet, or if there is bad traffic than @CAPS5 need to go to the internet to find out @CAPS4 and where and what time. CEO of @CAPS3, @PERSON1, says Åg@CAPS4 someone says Åe@CAPS5 might be getting some snow or rainÅf than they usually go right to the internet Åh You you can turn on your @CAPS2.V. to find out whats going on, but not all of it you will want/need to know. So you will have to wait. The internet just does it right on the spot. No waiting involved! (unless you have a bad internet connection) @CAPS7 you think these reasons are making a good argument? I @CAPS7. @CAPS7 you use your computer for finding out whats going on, what the weather is like, and instead of the @LOCATION2? If so I think you would aggree with me."	9
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4, Are you always telling your kids to do their homework and get off the computer? Well, I might just be able to help. Computers do not benefit our society today. People are spending to much time on them; not enjoying the outdoors, and are taking away time to spend with friends and family. I believe having a limit each day on your computer might help solve these problems. The computers can be very distracting and you can use them too offten. Stairing at the computer screen can damage your eyes and kill brain cells. Thats one thing kids and adults dont notice. You need your brain cells for school. Joins and other activities, computers can also distract you from completing work, and then you have to stay up late to finish homework should come before the computer. Time flys by as your clicking and typing. The next thing you know as it's ten o'clock and your work is not completed. Since my schedule is so busy after school. I try to complete my work, then go to the computer before dance. This way I am my friends and relax. Taking time away from the computer is a smart idea. As it comes to @DATE1 time the weather is going to be beautiful and you don't want to waste a pretty day on the computer, @CAPS5 human body needs oxygen. Clearly, computers don't supply that. A great way to recieve oxygen is going outside for some exersize and energy. Playing outside can offer a lot more than a computer. You can swim, jump, or play sports. My doctor once told me, "" Everyone should have atleast an hour of exersize a day. ""You can't accomplish that by sitting at your computer. Next time there is sunshine out, no matter what season it is, go outside and take a break from electronics. Spending time with family and friends is a fun way to stay off the computer. Friends and Family are not people to take advantage of. They are people who are there for you when you are down and make you laugh. When your relatives come to town that you havn't seen in a while, You don't want to spend it on the computer. Talking and catching up with one another is a great way to re-connect. During family holidays, we don't bring our computers. We shut them off to spend time with each other. Friends and family are special gifts. So, don't throw away friendships or relationships with your family. Get away from the computer and bond. (did not finish)"	10
"Dear local newspaper, I think that the computer is not a bad thing becase of three resons one reson is that we can learn a bought a faraway place. Another reson is they teach hand-eye coordination. The last reson is we can talk to frteinds and meet new people. From the computer we can learn a bought a faraway place if we were doing a report on it or just our of curiosity. We can learn wat kind of plantation grow there for food for example tropical places grow bananas and cocanuts. We can learn wat they eat like in @LOCATION1 they eat many beans a lot of there food have beans even there salads. We can find out there language as well maybe they talk spanish like in @LOCATION2. You can also teach hand-eye coordination becase it involves using your fingers and eyes to see what you are typing. You use ur hands on evry thing while typing wether you are typing or you are using the mouse. But it is not just for learning things it is also for freinds becase of al these sites like myspace, facebook, aim, webchat. The posibilities are endless u can even play games. If you dont know someone on face, book, or myspace thats okay it is a great way to meet new people and new freinds. And another thing if u are having trouble findin freind you can just see if they are online. It is good for getting together somwhere or something. And for those pepole who think it is taking away family time you can always just say okay thats enough and talk to them. So that is it they are good because u can learn of places, hand-eye coordination, and talk to new and old freinds. so they are good"	8
"Dear local Newspaper, In my opinion I belive that computers have helped our society a lot over the past decade or so. This is because when you on the computer you get better hand-eye coordination. Also you learn how to type and do other things with a computer that you will need to no how to do if you want to get a decinte job that pays well. Also now on the computer you can go on facebook and other website were you can make friend and chat with other people. So its not only helping your social skills and hand-eye coordination but also you are most likly to get a good job if you no how to type and use a computer. First off, having a computer teaches you to have better hand-eye coordination. This is because when you get a computer having better hand-eye coordination will teach you how to type better and more quick. Secondly, having a computer will teach you better social skills. This is because now alot of people go on facebook and you can make friends and chat with your new ones. Also when its a cold and rainy day you can occupy youself by playing different games and also you can check the news and forecast for tommorrows weather. Lastly, when you learn how to type you have a good shot at getting a good job because you no hot to type and work a computer. This is because when you are looking for a job that pays good you will most likly have to me how to type and operate a computer. @CAPS1 in @CAPS1, in my opinion I think computers have helped our society over the years, but other people @MONTH1 think differently. So now lets see what you think."	8
"I believe that computers have a strong negative effect on society but a stronger positive one. Computers these days are very advanced and allow you to talk to your friends, allow you to acess information more efficiently, and have increased our man power in scientific research. Almost every teen has a screen name that allows you to chat online with your friends. This function keeps kids in touch and active. Eventhough instant messaging can distract kids from their daily life it can also be amazingly helpful. Just last week a friend of mine had forgotten to write down their homework and easly contacted online. I was able to let them know @NUM1 a matter of seconds. Like wise, with this online communication you can also talk and and video chat as if you right there with your friends not everyday do you get to go hang out with your friends so this is an easy alternative. Not only is quick and easy it's free. Computers keep kids off their phones and from jucking up the bill and causing those loud annoying phone bill conversations how to limit your texting. The most important effect computers have on society is the gathering of information. The internet allows people to acess millions of websites and light speed. Every second of the day their is someone on the internet searching for date that they would have to go to the library to get. Computers are a key part in society and we depend on them without them we would all be lost. They provide an easier way to life that us lazy @CAPS1 need to survive. The internet keeps us updated and informed on whats going on all around the world without even going there. We need the internet and we couldn't acess it without computers. One of the largest aspects of life computers have helped us with is research. Computers have multiplied our man power giving us more organized way to store date. Recently I was watching a show where they had a computer testing items for @CAPS2 a process that would take a human weeks. They also help us be different and more creative people. With the computer came smaller more compact computers till they were able to fit in the palm of our hand. They have lead us to think we can do greater things in life and keep our earth safe and to stop damaging it as much. They're lead us to research the unknown areas of the world where @NUM2 years ago a scientist with a pad of paper didn't have dare to even think about. Computers have linked the world through communication and information and have exelled us to greater heights in understanding how we came to be. Overall society needs computers and they have and overwhelming positive affect on society."	10
"Dear @CAPS1 news editors, @CAPS2, my name is @PERSON1, and I would like you to write an article on the effects computers have on people. Computers have been the technological item to have over the past @NUM1 or so years. They allow people to learn many new skills, get important work done, and even socialize! However some experts believe that people spend to much time on computers, and that people are not as active or healthy because of it, and. Everyone wants to be healthy. While computers are fun and useful, could they have a negative effect on society? @PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 are employed as of @DATE1, and with that number dropping people need to get more work done to keep their jobs, or even keep their businesses open. With computers available at work (or school) much more work can be done, with programs like @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS4 people can type reports, and with programs like @CAPS5, @ORGANIZATION2, and iCalculator, workers can calculate taxes faster, so they have more time to work. Some people are working with stocks, and these days, the stocks could be good or bad, so you need to keep up! You can go to the stock websites and control what you buy and sell, without raising you phone bill from calling the brokers. Laptops make work possible on the go to! Computers teach many skills you need to know for jobs, and other skills you @MONTH1 need times in life. You can learn typing, work programs, and programing which are all needed in some lines of work. Computers increase math skills and hand eye coordination to! And you can read your favorite books via online scans!, now you @MONTH1 be wondering why not pick up a real book? Well, you canÅft online scans, and some are free! Not only do computers teach skills and work, they are very fun too! Between @CAPS6, twitter, email, googleBUZZ, mySpace, ooVoo, skype and gamesradar, there are lots of ways to talk to friends and meet new people. On @CAPS6 I can have up to @NUM2 people talk to whenever I want! Why not talk to real people? you ask, well the answer is simple, maybe it is a lazy @DATE2 and nobody wants to go out anywhere, or maybe your friends want to talk right before bed time. Talking to real people is important, but canÅft be done all the time! Online gaming has become an sensation!, and not only an @NUM3, @NUM4 and @CAPS8, @CAPS9 and @CAPS10 can ÅggameÅh too! So many people are gaming now, that if your not, you are missing out on an amazing experience. Some people think gaming is a waste of time, but the same can be said for any indoor leisure activity, everybody needs a fun activity they can do anytime! Besides everybody likes having fun! Some people believe the ludicrous notion that technology is making @LOCATION1 into fat, lifeless losers, but, it is opposite, you can socialize online and meet new people. People (like myself) can balance computers and games, with exercize and sports. With computers you can efficently complete work and learn new skills! Computers are posotive if used correctly. I hope you like this artice, thanks for reading."	12
"To the @CAPS1, I have recently heard that some people think that computers don't benefit society. However, I disagree with that. First, it allows children and adults to learn about distant places and other things. Also, it allows family and friends to connect with other family and friends. And lastly, it is a form of entertainment on a day that you can't go outside. Some people might not agree with me. However, I believe the computer wasn't a waste of thought. I think the computer is a benefits to society and the whole world. First, the computer allows children and adults to learn about distant places and, other things. People, professors, historians, and either highly educated people past discoveries and information about things everyday. That means everyday someone can learn something everyday of their life. When I do research on a important person in history, I learned things I never learned in school. The computer is the best way to allow people to put info they've learned for other people to see and gain knowledge of each other these are endless possibilities for everyone who owns a computer to learn. You wouldn't believe the things you can learn on a computer. Also, the computer allows family and friends stay in touch with other family and friends in far away places. If there was computers and someof your family moved to a diffrent. There wouldn't be an efficient way to stay in touch with them. The computer allows you to send e-mail to a families computer or celluar phones. The computer is the best way to stay close to your family even though they are far away. My brother is in @LOCATION1 and every day I get on the computer when I get home and video chat with him. If there was no computer, I wouldn't be able to chat with my brother. Lastly, the computer allows a form of entertainment on a rainy day. Certain software gives people the chance to create games and post online to the public. When I can't go outside because of the weather I get on my computer and play video games. The games keep me company. I can never play with other people with online multiplayer. Some of the games are educational also. The games teach you different things about history. "	8
"Imagine this: You entered a raffle at your child's school for an all-expense paid trip to @LOCATION1, and you won! You are so excited until you realize you know nothing about @LOCATION1. You don't know what the weather is like, you don't know what kinds of food they eat. You're not quite sure how to prepare for the trip. So you go online and learn everything and anything about @LOCATION1. You pack appropriatly, and you have a great time. All because you had a computor. Computers can help you get a better education, no matter what your age. It also gives you the ability to keep in touch with friends and family, and are necessary for many jobs. Computers help many people learn about different countries and cultures. We know so much more about other places now than we did before computers. But computers can teach you so much more than just different countries. They can teach a whole new language, or help you understand the science lesson better. There are many online colleges where you can learn the lessons online and on your own time which is good if your really busy. The internet is a great way to keep in touch with your friends and family. You can use email, instant messaging, video chatting, or you can make an account on websites like facebook or myspace. For example, my cousin is in the navy, he has been for @NUM1 years, and before I got a facebook, I had lost touch. Now I talk to him all the time. When most people hear computers, the first thing that pops into their head is ""internet"". But that's not all a computer is good for. Nowadays, many jobs use computers. Banks, @CAPS1, teachers, @CAPS2, even cashiers. Computers are no longer a luxury; they have become a necesity. In fact, @NUM2 out of @NUM3 jobs require a computer. Computers allow you to type up that book report, or make a very important letter look professional. Computers have changed the world; and once it's changed there's no going back. So, it looks like access to a computer made that trip to @LOCATION1 easier. Clearly, computers have become a part of every day life. You can keep in touch with your friends and use it for your job. But most importantly, you can learn so much!"	9
"Dear Newspaper, I strongly believe that the effects on people caused by computers are positive. Computers can help you connect with far away friends or family members, find great naturistic parks, and help you find local @CAPS8 or exercise equipment. These three reasons will show you that computers are a very important asset to our society in the following passage. To start off, computers can help you connect with faraway friends or family members. According to a recent study, @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION1 citizens have talked with a friend or family member living across the country via the internet. Another survey done by The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 magazine showed that the computer is the best way to stay connected with a loved one. @CAPS9 best friend @PERSON3 is @CAPS4, and all of his cousins live in @LOCATION4. @CAPS6 told me, ""@CAPS5 the computer was never invented, they would be like ghosts to me."" @CAPS6 relies on the computer to talk to his loved family. Clearly, the computer plays a huge role in reconnecting faraway friends and family members. @CAPS10 would you feel @CAPS5 you loved nature but could never find any amazing parks? @CAPS9 guess is terrible. Luckily, all you have to do is type in ""amazing nature parks"" in a search engine. In about two seconds you should have fantastic results. Many believe that the computer takes away time to enjoy nature, but I believe that @CAPS11 enhances @CAPS11. @CAPS9 sister loves nature, she loves taking pictures of beautiful scenery. However, she lost interest over time. She said, ""I got tired of taking pictures of the same local things everyday."" I typed in nature parks on a search engine, and @CAPS9 sister is back to traveling all over @LOCATION2. Lean @PERSON2, a nature expert says that @PERCENT2 of people who lose interest is because they don't know any new places to go. Also, nature in a @CAPS7 magazine concluded the best way to find nature, is the internet. As you can see, @CAPS5 @CAPS11 wasn't for the internet, barely any one would have the love and passion as most people do today for nature. Who needs excersize? Everyone. Currently, @LOCATION3 is extremely overweight. We need to enroll more @CAPS8 and create more exercise equipment, but @CAPS10 will people find out? Over the computer. According to @PERSON1, @PERCENT3 or @CAPS8 have a website which can be accessed over the computer. ""The best way to get members,"" @CAPS8 @NUM1 @LOCATION5 magazine stated,"" is to create a website online."" @CAPS9 friends dad recently just joined a brand new gym that opened up three days ago. ""@CAPS10 did you find out about @CAPS11?"" I asked. ""@CAPS11 was simple, I just searched local @CAPS8, and @CAPS11 came up!"" Experts say that the computer restricts time to workout, but in all, truth, the computer is the key to the gym. Connecting old friends and faraway family, finding great nature spots, and finding local @CAPS8 and excersize equipment are three very hard things to do. However, these are three things the computer does very well. @CAPS5 reconnecting with loved ones, loving nature, and exercising are bad effects on society, then what is good?"	10
"Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers are benefitual to society. This because computers do tasks such as helps research, communicating with others, and has fun games and websites. Computers are really great sources for whatever you trying to do. Honestly, a @CAPS2 without computers I wouldn't know what to do. Computers are like digital encyclopedias, which has just about all the information your looking for. Computers have databases or websites design to have with research just as the do. Say that you have a essay due tommorrow and you need quick and valid information you can simple go to @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 which is a computer database. Your end up with saild facts to help with your final draft. So, you wouldn't have to go that far to research. Communicating is something else the computer helps with. For example email and @ORGANIZATION1 is a way to communicate. Email is where you can send a message and a wait a reply while on the other hand @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 is where you get @ORGANIZATION1 replys. The latest thing in the communicating @CAPS2 is video chating. This where the person your chatting with can hear and see exactly what your doing. This is useful for families who life a good distance from each other. Computers play many roles and being used for fun is one. the @CAPS5 has many fun gaming websites such as @CAPS6.com miniclips.com, and @LOCATION1. This websites help take your mind off a bad day. You can also buy computer games for your computer. A very popular game is The @CAPS7. This game is base around your charater and the life you chose for it to live this game can take you to mother place where all your stress just fade away. So, computers betters society in many different ways. A few include research, communication, and to have fun. The computer is a very enhanced tool to enrich ones life. Computers take on difficult tasks and usually succed. So, computers are truely one thing we need."	8
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think Computers have a bad effect on people for three reasons. One they can really hurt your eyes, two it is not safe if you have little kids in your house. Finaully three you will never see your family or friends if your on the computer. The first reason was computers have a bad effect on people is it can really hurt your eyes. If your always stareing at a computer screen all the time you can go blind. And with you having bad eyes you can get serious head injures just from hurting your eyes. The second reason why computers have a bad affects on people it is not safe if you have little kids in your home. Like you can be watching adult movie that little kids are'nt aged enough to see if can have a bad effect And it has a bad effect on people because you will have no and if you have a little kid in your house he will always be in and he will probaly hear something really, really kid like music, @CAPS3 if you have a kid house The reason was computers have bad effects on people is that if your always on a computer you will never see your family and @CAPS3 if you are always on the computers you will miss out on the And will never you never see and don't @CAPS3 a rent on on the computers. @CAPS3 what you look And keep the little kid with you in the house. And last get off the computer and go see your family and friends. "	8
"Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, Computers lately have been considered a distraction and unessasary device. I personally think that they have many things to offer everyone each helps us and understand things and subjects we couldn't understand before. Also computers are now sad to make people lazy or physically unfit but that depends on the person. They could easily go to play and talk with family and friends if they wanted to. Computers are also not becoming a important and learning, making informationeasier to before. The most popular and common of a computer now is communication. Websites are invented on the main idea of communicating. Computers are a important part of the future life that isn't harmful or unnessary. Resently we have been able to use computers in so many helpful ways. Learning and studying new and important things. Researching and collecting data to cure a desies to working on a machicene. They are now a important and useful part of jobs people have now. Almost anything published or shown to the public went through a computer. So people 's jobs on computers working and learning. Like a job you print out a paper every week or day even. You use computers to edit and put together your paper before printing. So basic computer skills are important for people to have for new jobs and common ones you see everyday. Computers are rumored also to be too time consuming and unhealthy for a person. Computers are a optional thing for people to use in their own time required to do. The person could go out and see friends and family. Go to the gym, a vacation without a computer. Yes they are fun to use they have a lot of things to do it isn't needed like air or water. You can live without using a computer for us a week. You can take a walk, read a book, go hangout with your family and won't be pressured for computer time at all. If your worried about it take a break from it for a while. You can do things without a computer. Learning with computers is thing lately, in @CAPS2 they're going in the computer lab learning to read on or other programs. Studying or writing essay in my grade mostly. Researching for a class and making a project. Computers are useful in school. You also read about new subjects and learn new things on computers possibly helping you in your classes or. The biggest use of computers now is communication through many websites like youtube, facebook, myspace and many others. They allow people to communicate their ideas and opinions. Talk to far away friends and family without high phone bill. Seeing politics and daily news to the weather. Almost all means of communication can be done with a computer. So now you see computers are a vital and useful of daily technology we have at reach. It is not unhealthy or time consuming unless you are allowing your computer usage to be that."	10
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people at my school sit on there computers after school. They don't go outside and enjoy nature. Visit with family and friends or even exercise. @CAPS2 people are affected by this. Going outside can enchance your knowledge, you can go on a walk in the woods. When you are on your walk you @CAPS2 find interesting new species. Also when you are outside you can play with your friends or siblings. @CAPS2 times in neighborhoods there are a lot of kids, you can start a pick of game of baseball. You can also build new things. You could find a big tree and build a treehouse or tireswing with your family. Going outside leaves you with a lot of fun activites. When kids sit on the computer they don't interact with there family or friends. During the @DATE1 you can go to the beach with your friends. It will cool you down without having to pay money for an air conditioner. You @MONTH1 also find the oportunety to go to a different state for the day. Or you could go acros the country to see your sick grandma or your newly named cousin. Going on a picnic will give you time to get to know new people. You could invite friends and have them bring a new friend for the whole group to met. You will also have a lot of tasty food and who wouldn't want that? Going places with your family and friends can pad to a worth wild experinse. @PERCENT1 of kids chose to go on the computer than to exercise. Kids will become overweight. When on the computer @CAPS2 kids will eat. Eating for hours each day to not a good idea. You can go out for your schools basketball team or run distances in cross country. Once you are on the team you will make new friends, and get your exercise for the day. When you are on a team and exercising you will learn @CAPS2 life skills. You will learn the benifits of working as a team and by yourself. So getting your exersise is a very important role in your life. Why would you choose the computer? You wouldn't be able to enjoy the outdoors. Or spend time with family and friends. You would become over weight and unhappy. So, don't choose the computer, choose another activity!"	8
"In my opinion I agree that it benefits society. The reasons that support my decision are lots of buisnesses use computers to work, fast food resturants use computers, and schools use computers. Computers are all needed just for those reasons. My first reason is buisneses use computers to work. Workers use computers for designing, filing peoples names, and to type papers, and essays. People in the designing industry don't use paper and pencil anymore, because they use designing softwares to work. Instead of filing in a cabinet people and workers use computers to put their patients, clients, and workers. Computers can hold more information and files than cabinets can. People also type papers and essays for work. For example, news reporters have to write a report and type it for their company in order to get it to publish. If workers in buesness were to need to use computers to file, type, and design clothes and games. My second reason is that fast food resrurants or even resturants use computers, instead of using cash registers. For example @ORGANIZATION2 or @ORGANIZATION1 use technology to type in peoples orders, and amount they pay. Back then they used to use cash registers, in order to get money out they need to click a button, but now the have all locked up using computers. Every resturant has at least a touch screen computer in it to use. So resturants need computers to survive the world. My third reason is schools need computers for students and teachers to write reports, file the students name and grades into it. Students in classes write reports for projects or even for class work. Teachers need computers to file the students name, grades, and information, instead of using a cabinet. Teachers also use computers to make homework pages and they need to print stuff off of word. So schools use and need computers for students and teachers use. In conclusion I agree that computers benefit society, because buisnesses need them to work, design, and file, and fast food resturants so they can take peoples orders and to use in schools for students and teachers use. So thats why it benefits the society."	8
"@ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion computers are good for people. I believe this because many people get to see things that on their daily basis wouldnt. I think that computers have a positive effect on people. I think that many people now a days work alot so they might not have time to remember little things such as going to buy newspaper or they might not even have time to watch the news on tv, but because of computers they can read or see the same things but in less time. Some people have a job that includes computers so they could also read the newspaper on their computer while also working. This benefits sociaty its own way. I believe computers are very useful to everyone. C omputers can help people get in touch. They can keep in touch by using webcam and etc. It could also let them communicate. Computers allow people to see each other from different places in the world. It gives people a chanve to see the people you couldnt see from afar. In my opinion people can also learn from computers. Computers have many positive effects that are very important. They give people a chance to learn things. This can benefit sociaty because the more knowledge people have the better it is. It gives people who didnt get a chance to learn what they wanted to actually do so and learn it. Computers do benefit sociaty lets take @PERSON1 for example he says that @PERCENT1 of kids believe that computers have helped them in their own way. Many people can be bored at times but because of computers and the fun things it has such as games, videos... etc.. People get to actually spend some time doing something like @PERSON1 stated kids believe computers are helpful because by playing those games it can give them hand eye coordination and help them in different ways at the sametime. (takes away boredom and lets them get good hand eye coordination) Computers also benefit sociaty by letting people has such technology. Many time technology is needed in everyones life. Technology has helped many people and still continues to. Computers is one of the technology that helps people. Technology can teach people things that they do not even know they could do. In conclusion I believe computers have many great positive effects on people, and it also doesnt only benifit people that use this technology it benifits others in a way too. It gives everyone a chance to learn about things, and do them so I believe computers are a great thing to have."	9
"Dear local Newspaper, I hear you are whether or not computers have a positive effect on people. In my opinion, i think that, yes, they do have a positive effect on people. I think this because @NUM1. Computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures. @NUM2. Computers are often helpful to those with special needs, and @NUM3. The computer allows you to connect win people who @MONTH1 live faraway with out having to travel to them. I really enjoy learning about foreign places and culture. I know that from my own experience that the more knoledgable you are about foreign places and culture. The more smart you become overall. Without the computer, many people would not be able to explore these places and learn about them. The computer is basically a big encyclopedia that supplys important information to those who are unable to travel across the world and visit these places. Without computers, people would be less educated about the people, cultures, and the world we live in . Places such as pyrimids in in @LOCATION1, and . Don't you agree? In my school there are several students with special needs. I, personally, can't even begin to imagine how difficult it must be for them to learn. But one thing i do know is that the computer is a very helpful rescource to them. The computer supplies pictures, sounds, and interactive activities that really help kids out. Since some of the kids in my school who have special needs have a hard time reading. The computer helps by reading it aloud to mom. Where would those children be if they didn't have computers? I love keeping in touch with my distent family and friends. Don't you? It used to be that it would take days and days to send and recieve a letter from relative. @MONTH1 because of the computer, hard task can be done with a simple click of the mouse. But thats not all. Besides sending virtual e-mail to people, because of the computer, you see them face to face! Some computers have webcams that allow you to see someone through the screen of your computer, isnt that great?! So, why waste money flying to see someone to deliver a simple message when you can deliver it personally in almost less than @NUM4 seconds? Becaose of the computer, people talk more and are often brought closer together. So, as you can see there are many important positive effects that computers have on people. The reasons being @NUM1. computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures. @NUM2. computers are often helpful to those with special needs. And @NUM3. computers allow you to connect with people who @MONTH1 live faraway without having to travel to them. Thank you for listening."	9
"Deear Newspaper, I think that the effects that computers are having on people is a @CAPS1 thing because most people just sit at the computers all day long. In this letter I am going to talk about the effects of computers on people, what we could be doing instead, and what person are doing on the computer. First thing is that computers are having a @CAPS1 effect on people and there life computers are making people just fit inside on their computers all day and do nothing. They just sit there playing games also about @PERCENT1 of the people who are spending to much time on the computer are probally pating well their on the computer which that is why some people @MONTH1 be fat. Most of the people who spend all of they time on the computer is people in there @NUM1's and @NUM2's some are in there @NUM3's or @NUM4's. Just sitting there on the computer will get you. Where in life. It will not give you a job or school education. By just sitting at the computer for a while you will not be able to do things out side. If so many people were not on the computer all the time then they could be outside. Being outside they can play sports, ride bikes, swim, run and more. They could also get a job and make some money or go to college, kids who are on the computer to much could get out and go to the mall, hang with friends you could get some exercise, or just enjoy nature. There is no use for going on the computer and being there for more then @NUM5 or @NUM6 hours, the most you should be on the computer would be an hour to an hour and a half. Kids and teenagers should only go on the computer for homework and the rest of the time doing something eles. Well all of the kids grade through @NUM7 grade should go out a play with their toys and people @NUM8 grade and up should hang out with and do thing like go to the mall, see a movie, or just have a sleepover. Also everyone in these grades should interact with there families more by seeing them more then @NUM7/@NUM8 times a month and they could have parties or just get together and hang out. So people should do some of the other things I said instead of just going on the computer all of the time. The last thing is the things that people are doing on the computers which is like I sometimes go on facebook. Other people go on facebook, google, games looking up information, and more. They also have emails where they chat with other people. Another thing people go on is youtube and listen to music and watch veidos. So I don't think that the effect of the computers on people is a good thing. I think that people shoud be out doing things then just sitting at home on the computer. People who sit at home on computers could and probally will get to fat. So the effect of computers on people is @CAPS1."	8
"I do not agree that computers benefits society. There are threes big reason why computers are bad, people are getting to attached and arent spending time with there families. Others are gaining weight because they stay on the computer, and not exercising. Also some people arent getting fresh air not getting out for a walk in a park. Computers are making people shut out their families. When a girl wants to play with her big sister the big sister will just shut out the little sister and continue emailing her friends on the computer. Families need to stick together but when a member of the family from doing a family picnic or other family activities. Computers have addictive games that a person will play and ignore everyone and sometimes a family member can go into depression because he or she is being ignored. Another reason computers are bad is because of health issues. People will get to addicted and be lazy. They will just sit in the computer chair and eat drink bad stuff all day. People would gain weight might ever get dabetes from the weight. If people don't get the exercise they need to stay healthy then they might have heart problems, and many more serious conditions. If your weights gets to extreme then you might not be able to lose weight because your body has gotten tov used to all the weight your heart @MONTH1 not be able to take it. At last but not least people will stop going outside and not go and walk or talk, with friends. People should al least go outside once a day to see nature get air. They should go to the beach relax and relieve all the stress from computer games. Having to much stress is bad for your health you might go into depression. Being on the computer way to much can be bad if you sit in the dark not getting sunlight it can be bad for your eyes. So as you can see there is alot of bad things about computer. Most of the problems or issues all have to do something with someones health. So this is why I think this is bad for the societys benefits. I hope that you will take these reasons to heart. Thank you!"	8
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Computers do not have a positive effect on people. Thanks to computers people arnÅft being active as much, enjoying nature, or interacting with family and friends. One reason this is true is because people are not exercising, they're too busy playing on the computers. People are gaining weight, which is already a problem in the @LOCATION1 because of unnecissary technology. There are plenty of sports that could be done, such as soccer, baseball, football, and so many more. People seemed to manage fine without computers and were a lot more active before them. Another reason computers don't have a positive effect on people is because they don't go out and enjoy nature. People spend too much time looking up beautiful place and animals when they could easily go explore around outside! Take a walk by the forest or in a local park, even by the beach and you'll see loads of animals. Not to mention, the immense amount of different plants and flowers they have never noticed right behind their very own home! No computers and people could quickly start enjoying nature more often. Thirdly, a reason why computers arn't positive on people is because they're not interacting with other people. Some people are too busy on facebook or myspace, e-mailing or @CAPS3-ing each other. Sometimes they arn't even talking to who they believed they were, it not only dangerous but unhealthy also. Whats wrong with giving someone far away a call? You can actually hear their voice and know its them on the other line! Its rediculous how people will e-mail a friend thats down the street. It would be much simpler and healthier to just walk over to their house. The two of you can chat and take a walk, or play a game, not just sit infront of a screen the whole day. Computers make interacting with other people, in person, a lot more difficult. With computers people are not active enough, don't enjoy nature often, or interact with others as much. They simply are not a positive effect on people. You should also agree and let computers stay to perfessionals."	9
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, some people do spend most of the day on the computers, but not everyone. Oh, let me start with no. Not all people take atvantege of the computer. Like scientest, your banks, and schools. These tipe of computers helps us through life. With out these computers then we willl still be cluless on a lot of things. But, there are people out there that did take atvantege of the computers. And they still do. With unforgiving acks like child porn. One of our mane problem in the world is child porn. And a lot has to do with the kidnapping. Or in rare cases the parents are the cause of it. So these are a lot of changes that need to be doen. But when there cleared then the computer world will be peacful once agaen."	6
"I think that the advances of technology to the computer are great and more beneficial than bad. Say you struggle at school and need serious help, you can turn to a computer for help, say you have a dear friends that a week ago moved to florida, you can use the computer to contact them. And finally if you want to learn about the world, great! Google search places to learn about. These are just a few reasons why the computer is helpful as opposed to bad! School one of many students least favorite activities, yet you can use the internet to help you out, @CAPS1! say you are in geometry and it is kicking you're butt, got to @PERSON1 academy for informational videos. Maybe you are a third grade teacher and the little kids are driving you nuts, go to @LOCATION1, and educational and fun website. Maybe you just want to relax and learn, plug in earphones and listen to math help. These are merely a few ways that the internet helps with schooling. What if it is a really rainy rainy day and you are tired and want to learn about faraway places in a logical person's head, the internet pops into their head. Think of the computer as a big easy to acess library, type something into a search engine and it pops up. What if you are in germany and you are hungry, oh no! Everything is in @CAPS2! open your laptop for easy translation. All of these things support that the internet makes learning about foreign places easy. And finally, communication is really easy, with the internet because, there use emails, skypes, chatrooms etc. internet's middle name is communication. What if your phone is gone and there is an emergency, you can get the email! What if a burgalor cuts the phone lines and sneaking your house e-mail @NUM1. And finally internet can be used to call @PERSON2 and tell him, ""don't forget the red bull"" as he leaves. Those are some of the reasons the internet is good for communication. Go let's recap on this paper. Internet is great for communication. Also help with learning about far away places. And finally help with schooling. These are the reasons I think internet is valuable in this day in age. "	8
"Imagine our beautiful town filled with unhealthy, lazy, noninteracting and addicted people. The issue to grapple with is should you the local people, spend more time on computers or not, I believe @PERCENT1 that we should not spend all of our time on computers. It can ruin your eye sight, you don't enjoy nature while interacting with people, and most importantly it make you very unhealthy. Can you picture @CAPS1 person in your town blind and having glasses or even going to the @CAPS1 @DATE1? Just ask eye @PERSON1,"" @CAPS1 year I get and more people coming to the eye doctors. You might say that it is good for me but it is not good for you. When you are always on the computer it erodes you eye-sight over time. ""@CAPS2, many people wear glasses now more then ever. @DATE1 @DATE1 in the local newspaper, they had a chart that showed how many people ruined their eyesight over the years from computers. It went up almost @PERCENT2 from @DATE1 year and @PERCENT3 from the year before. Almost everyone that has a computer and is addicted to it has glasses. Have you looked outside lately? Have you notice that @DATE2 is coming and there is leaves on the tree now? If you were one of the people that is glued to the monitor of your computer then I doubt you were. Computers and technology ruin your time with your family. Many jobs on the computer how out it isn't a @NUM1 job. In that time you could be spending time with your precious little girl or even the best friend out side in nature having fun. @DATE1 year I wanted to play catch with my dad, but was on his old computer doing what he does. I didn't want to play alone so I just stayed inside and went on my computer for the day. Do you want that to happen to @CAPS1 person, everyday I wouldn't. Yes, people would rather be a couch potatoe and chat online, eating a bug of a million junk food chips instead of going out and interacting while slaying fit, but now it is important that you do. Just picture lazy, obese. People sitting on their couch all day with their eyes blood from stearing at the monitor for hours. But why do you than you @MONTH1 ask, it is because they never some outside. They never go for a jog or eat healthy foods. That is very unhealthy and can higher your chances of getting different cancers. Just ask @PERSON2 from the hospital,"" @DATE1 one guy was rushed to the hospital because of a very common cancer that you get from unhealthy living, he passed away @NUM2 days later. It was very sad."" I strongly believe that being on the computer to long is a very bad idea. It can ruin you eye-sight, you never get to see nature and interact. But most importantly, it is very unhealthy. It is now or never, You would never know if you can be that man in the hospital with that cancer. The issue to grapple with is should you take that risk or stay fit, healthy and happy? So take a joy, eat a healthy, snack, and limit your time on the computer."	9
"Would you like to discover new things and explore amazing mysteries around the world? Do you love to have friends overseas? Do you want to relax and do something fun after @ORGANIZATION1? Advanced technology today allows you to do almost everything that would have been considered impossible @DATE1 decades @DATE1. We need to decide whether computers have positive or negative effect on people. I firmly believe computers gives society many benefits and opportunities. Who would disagree that computers are devoted to educational purposes? Computer experts have invented countless programs that make @ORGANIZATION1 easier for kids. For example, @CAPS1 helps you with essays and reports. With her program teachers wouldn't hurt their eyes trying to read sloppy hand written compositions from students @ORGANIZATION2 helps you organize and calculate, @ORGANIZATION3 gives you the @ORGANIZATION3 to create dynamic presentations. Many schools have a computer lab for students to complete their @ORGANIZATION1 tasks. @ORGANIZATION1 has also aquired convenient-sized laptops to help students do their projects and take test. That saves a lot of paper and a lot of trees! Furthermore, many colleges offer their courses online. You can obtain a college degree right at your house without going anywhere. Education has never been so easy, thanks to our advanced network and computers. It is very important to mention the entertainment benefits of computers. I have notices many teens play cool games on the net. They seem to greatly enjoy this opportunity. It in an ideal way to relax after a stressful way getting on the computer and listening to the newest songs. Some websites after downloadable songs for free so you don't need to worry about the financial part. Moreover you can watch movies online anytime, form wide section such as horror, romance, comedy, fantasy or even children films. No more movie tickets, no more driving in the theater. Without a doubt computers can put a single on everyone's face with its entertainment benefits. Many people feel that computers both kids and adults always from their social life, but actually, computers give them a chance to communicate with other people around the world. Ten @DATE1 @DATE1, who would have thought that they could chat and talk directly with same one a thousand miles @DATE1, with no mail or telephone or whats over? I came to the @LOCATION1 @DATE1. I am extremely grateful to computers because I can keep in touch with my friends and relatives. I can just send them pictures of the snowy winter sceneries here through just a minute. How much easier could it get? computers definitely improve communication and brings people closer. Let's not wait any longer. Computers have endless positive effects and should be popularizeas. They help you learn have fun and communicate with people faraway. Above and beyond all that new technology makes the earth a greener place by saving paper and trees. Don't sit here and wait educate people about the benefits of computers today."	11
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Have you ever trully marveles at the computers in our generation today? Have you seen all the interesting and amazing things that computers allow us to explore? Computers have been thought to advance our society because of its abiliyt to show websites containing rast and diverse research. However, let me ask you this - have you ever wondered if computers actually ruin the life someonehas? Well, people who use computers are drown into them, and they ignore the necessary physical activities one can get from being outside. Also, people who spend their time infront of a computer screen don't inteact as much with friends and family as they nirmally would. Also, one major threat that teens and children face while on the internet are people who try to talk to them online and could become a dnager to the children. In order to help the wee-being of people, we need to realize the negative effects of computers! If oyu were to talk in the park or even visit a field, you would most likely someone enjoying the outdoorss. When I say that @CAPS1 mean like playing soccer or fotbol, or playing frisbee, @CAPS2 who do this rather than sit inside staring ata computer, help their body stay healthy. When you are on the computer, no healthy activity is involved. Would you rather see yourself healthy and active or lazy and sluggish? Well. when the summertime comes, my friends and I usually go to the feild to play a game of soccer. Also, we sometimes go to the beach and enjoy the cool, freshing water in the pool. Not to mentio, we even find activities to do in the cold, freezing winter such as sledding nad snowboarding. @CAPS2 need tog et out and chair, pry their eyes from the computer screen and go out and smell the fresh air. The feeling of being outside will raise your spirits and sgift you from a person in a trance to a person that feels alive! Also . ahve you ever gone gone home and just retreat to your room for some quite? Then you decide to go on the computer to get away from your troubles. ""@CAPS3 is ready, a family member informs you; however, you don't respond because you enjoy the computer so much. Computers interfer with your connection to family members and friends. In addition, many people sit in a tence like state while at the computer, blocking out any outside communication. Computers do not help families come toigether they separate them. This vcreates and unhealthy family, which is bad because people need to have a strong connection with family. Studies show that the average time a person spends on the computer is five hours! This pretty much takes up a lot of time, so families can't spend time with one another. One important problem that children and teens face are @CAPS2 oover the intenet are people known as ""child predators."" @CAPS4 people usually seek to hurt a child by getting information out of them and meeting them. Research shows that @PERCENT1 of children encounter @CAPS4 ""child predators; would you want to see your child be hurt by @CAPS4 horrible people? Computers are the reason, a with the internet for @CAPS4 accurances. Children and teens need to be protected from this major threat! In conclusion, computers have negative effects on people and thier lives. First, they don't allow people to be active and go outside. "	10
"Dear local Newspaper, I think people using a computer has a effect. using a computer can help people in many ways. You can talk to people world wide, it helps you stay organized, and you can create very useful things like a or a power point using a computer. Talking to people world wide can be a very useful thing. Say that you have family members that live in @LOCATION1 or @LOCATION2 you can keep in touch with them by e-mail or video chat. Also, if there is a national and nedds to talk to the other, governers around the world for advices help he can do that quickly and easily. Using a computer can also help you stay organized. For example my uncle helps file takes computer to make sure all of the files get saved and they are in the light places. Imagine all of the papers and space he would use if he had to do by hand or didnt use a computer. Computers also help teachers. Teachers enter grades, e-mail parents, and even create test or quizes and they know it will be nice and organized in the computer files instead of in paper files on their desk. Speaking of quizzes that teachers make on the computer, they can also make alot of other things like power points. Power points can help them put alot of information on the screen and it helps the students learn, which is a positive effect. If you had a small business that just started out you can make a brochure to help advertising. Lastily, you can go on microsoft excel and make a schedule that can help your employees know who has to work when, or students can know what class they have to be in at what time. In conclusion, computers are very helpful in everyday for alot of different people. Talking to worldwide can help you stay in, so you dont lose connection with your. They also have effect they help business people stay organized. Lastly, they can help teachers create test or powerpoints which helps kids learn. So in all, I would have to agree that computers have a positive effect on society. Also, doesn't typeing your newspaper articles make it more organized and quicker to print them?"	8
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Computers are an amazing piece of technology, but some people are beginning to abuse the @CAPS2. There are many benefits to having a computer. In my opinion I think that computers help people out a lot such as looking up directions or even chatting with some old friends. But many People are abusing the @CAPS2 and not @CAPS1 when to get off. The @CAPS2 is a very fun thing to be on but when your on it for too long, you miss out on family acvivitys, hanging out with friends etc. I think that there should be a time limit for everyone on the computer. If we had something that would shut off othe computer but save everything you were doing, People would go out more and be more active. Eventhough people @MONTH1 be learning about things on the computer, you have to know when to get off. Now on the @CAPS2 there are websites where you can watch exercize videos or if you even want to buy some exercize equiptment etc. The @CAPS2 can be a pretty handy thing but you dont want to be on it for long periods of time. I believe that having a computer can be a very cool thing to have and very useful when you need it. But there should be time limits for how long people stay on the computer."	8
"In the world we live in now, everything is getting technilogical. In my own opinion, its a good thing. Using computers has been very helpful to our society. They give people the opportunity to research things fast and easily, they save trees, and they're a wonderful way to communicate with people. First, computers are great to use for research instead of books that waste tree. A few years ago, kids would get a school project on a certain country and the thing that would came to mind is the library. But, nowadays it's computers. Sure, of course books are very helpful, but so is the internet, plus its much faster and easier to find to find the information you're boking for. You can learn about a place before visiting it with a click of a button and learn about places far away. It really is magical. Next, using computers saves trees. With a computer we don't have to keep cutting down so many trees for books and paper. Another can now sell their books online and people are able to read them right. Honestly, there really is no reason to keep making books. Even students can do their home work, test and quizzes online! I think it's a mirical and it's so amazing to see how much our world has changed in only about @NUM1 years. Finally, computers are great to communicate with people far away. Some people have family in the war who they don't see for months or maybe years. With a computer you can get emails that get deliveres to the person right after being sent. Or you can even webcam and actually see the person face to face! It must be hard not being able to see your loved ones everyday, which is why a computer is very helpful. Even to those who have a family member away on a business trip or that live in another state/country. Computers are very helpful, especially today with everything going on in our world. With computers we can online research, save trees, and communicate with people far away. So, in my opinion computers do benefit society."	8
"Dear Newspaper, I believe that computers have a positive affect on society. I believe computers have a positive affect because they help us learn of faraway places, they help us communicate with friends and family all over the world, and computers help entertain people. The computer has a positive affect on society because on it you can learn of faraway places, their history, and you can learn of their landscape. By learning these things you can do a lot of things such as plan a vacation, this information can help you on a school report, also this information can help you learn of your heiratage & your culture. Also computers have a positive effect and are beneficial to society because they help you communicate with friends and family all over the world! You can communicate with anyone you know. Nowadays everyone uses the computer as their main form of communication. In a study it showed that @PERCENT1 of people in the world has a computer as a communication tool. Lastly computers are beneficial to society because they entertain us. On a computer you can do many things to never get bored. You can play games, surf the web, or you can watch videos on networks such as youtube. So on a computer you'll never be bored. The computer is beneficial and has a positive affect on society. The computer helps us learn of faraway places, it lets us communicate with friends and family all over the globe, and lastly the computer entertain us. Thats why the computer is beneficial to society."	8
"I agree with the many peole that but benefits society. Computers can be used as a learning tool, allows communication with distant family and friends. Lastly computers give you something to do in your free time, such as playing games. First of all, I know many people think that others wasted their time on computers. But most computer users us the computer as a tool to learn and get work done. There are many educational websites that people can go to to learn about any subject want. If you want to know more about different cultures such as @CAPS1 @CAPS2. There are websites to tell you everything you wih want to know. Computers also help yet work done. There are multiple programs designed to make writing papers or presenting information much easier @MONTH1 people use these programs to yet ahead in their work and present facts easier by using these programs it is very hard to lose and work that you do because it is all saved into the computer. Next, computers are agreat way for many people to pass some free time. Many websites are designed for this reason. Some allow you to play games and other websites let you watch video made by other people, while some people @MONTH1 spend to much time on this many offers know moderaton and spread their time even other websites hard videos that are used to portray important issues, for example the president has given many through @CAPS4 videos because more often people are on their computers and not watching television. Lastly, computers are a great way to communate with distant firends and family. There are so many ways to do, such as email, or many of the social networking websites. My family being immigrants from another country my family. Thinks this is a vauables tool for talking with our family, and I am sure that htere are many ohters who use the computer this way as well. People also make and keep in touch with great friends through the @CAPS4. I use @CAPS3-mail as a way to keep in touch with many of my friends that I haven't seen in tears, my parents have also found long lost friends that they had before we moved through facebook I also allows people to communate important ideas faster than a letter could. Many scientists use the @CAPS4 to publish ideas and experiments. Finally, I agree with people who sad computers benefits society computers help by being a tool to learn and get work done, pass free time and see important information and lastly computers allow communcation with very far and distant family members."	9
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I think we should have computers for great purposes. One reason is because there is a lot more information on the internet. Another reason is because there is some history on many different websites. My last reason is because you can send messages to a faraway place by using e-mail. My frist reason states that there is a lot more information on the internet. For example, if youn don't have the newspaper with you, but you have you laptop, you can get information that way. Did you know, over @NUM1, @NUM2 people use their laptops for information and not games. Another example is if we get the newspaper everyday but it doesn't have the article that we are looking for, we use the internet. When we look for information on the internet, you would use yahoo, google, and other informational websites that you need. My second reason states that there is some history on many different websites. For instance, you can go on a websites and learn about history everyday, insted of going to a museum about history everyday! One day, I had to make a project about the @CAPS4 and I had four days to do it, you know what I did, I went on a historical website about the @CAPS4. I got an A+ for my project. When people need history, it's always all around them on the internet. My very last reason states that insted of texting people from faraway places, why not just use an e-mail address. For example, you don't have to pay for an e-mail address. It's actually free and did you know, more than @NUM3 million people around the world use an e-mail address insted of texting other people. When you don't have an e-mail address, it's very quick to make one. You don't have to waste money to text someone halfway around the globe. In conclusion, I think that we should have computers. One reason is that we have a lot more information on the internet. Another reason is because there is some history on some websites. And my last reason is because you can send messages to a far away place by using e-mail. Thank you for reading this article."	10
"Dear @CAPS1, In my own opinion, computers do not have a positive effect on people. Online, you can go on any website and talk to people. Most of the time, you @MONTH1 not even know who it is your speaking with. Plus not all information you @MONTH1 find is true. Computers also take time away from doing something productive, like playing outside. In the next few pragraphs, I'll show you my point. First off, online websites have many different ways to contact people (chat rooms, blogs, email etc.) @CAPS2, do you really know if the people you're talking to are who they say they are? Back then, it was rare someone got caught when trying to kidnap a child by pretending to be someone online; @CAPS3 a days more and more people are getting caught. You @MONTH1 think this won't happen to your child, but my friend was being stalked online by someone what they haven't caught. We never thought something like that would happen, @CAPS2 it did. Also, once it's online it never goes away. So watch what you put online, there is always some way to find what you had posted even once deleted. Plus not every bit of information found online is ture. I professionals say that @PERCENT1 of kids have researched a project online then used a print source and found that information to be false. On websites like wikipedia any one has the ability to change what is written on the page. Most websites @PERCENT2 give the ability for anyone to do so. Also post and pictures on the internet @MONTH1 not always be appropriate. There's certain criteria we keep children from seeing for a reson. Lastly, computers keep you from doing anything productive. It @MONTH1 teach hand-eye coordination however it does not keep you fit and healthy. Already, @PERCENT3 of @CAPS4 alone are over weight and that's alot of people. Dr. @DR1 says that online games keep kids from getting much needed exsersize and fresh air, that every growing child needs. In conclusion the internet keeps children from going outside to play. Also, not everything found is what is true or right. Lastly, not everyone you find is the person they portray themselves. This is why I think that comperters aren't positive in society."	10
"Dear Local Newspaper, In my opinion they take time away from exercising. Also, no one has time to enjoy nature. Of course, when it comes to family and friends, The time is stified by the computer. If more people get of @CAPS1 and @CAPS2, I'm positive all would be resolved. I'm sure that the computer is affecting everyone negatively. Obesity is a huge problem in @LOCATION1. One in five children are obese. I feel the computers is contributing to the problem. I remember times when I wanted to go outside and exercise, but the computer dragged me away wih all the fun games and videos the internet sure, the computers fine in moderation, but many people abuse their privellages. Obesity leads to many such as dogged arteries or strokes. No parents wants to see their go through young. But if from of to fix it? taking away for many. Everybody these dayrace people have so much effort making. I's sure I would have had across time if went people have probably done. Good times. Family to take time from away from us. In conclusion, I feel the computer is an addiction. Millions who on the computer gain weight. Also, it takes time enjoy nature but the computer blocking the way. Another thing the comuter puts family and friends on hold. Memories are being stolen by the awful device that computer. So else how bad the computer is."	6
"Readers, imagine a world without computer. Communication would be, schoolwork would be far more difficult and we'@CAPS1 lose a source that generates tons of fun. Do you really want a world like that? The pros of computer definetly outweigh the. For example, computers make world communication way better thanks do like email, instant messaging, and cideo conferencing, computers also make learning for school easier and allow you to work. Lastly, computer make the world a much more and fun place thanks to youtube, news and online movies/tv shows. The effect of computers is definetly positive on society. With one click a message can be rent to anywhere in the world. How great is that? Because of computers people not only email to each othe but we can even have live chat. through text or videos online communication is a great help i my life, and the lives of my peers. For example, whenever I forget homework or have about schoolworks I can reach my peers and get help in a matter of. Not only can I seek help from others on my computer but I can stay in touch with my friends and family. So those who think computers cause us to spend less time wioth family and friends are mistaken. Computer link the world together and greatly advance communication positively. Aside from communication, computer also greatly improve and learning in many ways. FOr example, they make it so that projects and assignments can be done fastter and easier thanks to like microsoft word. Its proven that @NUM1 students who use computers from schoolwork they make learning easier as well. Online encyclopedia like and help students all over the wolrd with schoolwork or just learning for fun that at home. any that computers improve education is through online tutors and help sites. Were made it so your basically always within minutes of a teacher. I can't imagine completing any assignment without computer on my. Computers are not only practical for school and communication but they're also a great way to spend time having fun. One source of fun on the computer, is online movies and tv shows. Thanks to them you can always stay caught up with the latest episodes of your favorite show. online gaming also brings joy to poeple all over the world. you can spend hours playing live with others in detailed @NUM2-@CAPS1 world! Computers also enable you to kids back and laugh at historical videos on youtube. Lastly computer make browsing all the latest news a. YOu will always know whats goign on in the world, thanks to your computers. So whether you enjoy chilling and watching video, playing games or reading up on the news you will always find a way to have fun online! Whats not to like? With such a positive affect on the world, computer are definetly amazing technology you can communicate with friends or family online in an instant work on your school assignmnet, learn something new or simply have a great time! We how you, computers make life better and much easier. "	10
"Dear @CAPS1, More and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. I support advantages in technology and believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, they allow you to talk to people online, and you can play games games that can help you with your school-work. Do you believe that computers give people the ability to learn about faraway people and places? You can use google.com and look up different cultures and find out how the stuff they do is different from us and what kind of food they eat. For example, in @LOCATION1, they sit on the floor @CAPS2 they eat. We get to sit at a table on our dining rooms or kitchens. @PERCENT1 of people in would floor. Surely, computers allow you @CAPS2 my cousin on the computer and @CAPS3 important to note that, on computers you can play games that can help you with your school-work. You can go on sites that you on your @CAPS4. Show you how your body works for @CAPS5, and tell you about the revolutionary war for @CAPS6 @CAPS7. These sites are not boring. This a whole lot of fun! Whoever thought that learning would be fun? I sure didnt. The time is now! Just think that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends because no matter what, people will always have time for that."	8
"Dear @CAPS1, I belive that computers benefits the people of today. The invention of the computer had helped people to send messages and information to each other, helped students with school and allows children to have something to do when they can't go outside. Let me explain. The computer had created easier way for people to send messages and information to one and other. Before the invention of the computer, the only way to pass on information was by mail or phone. The computer sped up this process. In fact, people had recived information about @PERCENT1 faster with the invention of the computer. I was once able to send my friend an email about getting the homework faster than writing him a letter. Clearly, computers made it easier for people to comunicate with each other. Also, computers help students with school. Before the computer, a student had to use a type writer to type their papers. Using a typewriter, when they made mistakes which was on, they had to start all over. It;s a completely different story now. In fact, a study done by the board of ed. shows students write papers so faster and better with a computer rather than a typewriter. I remeber my grandfather told me about how he typed papers. It took him about an hour he typed papers. It took him about an hour and a half to write a paper on a typewriter, while the longest it took him was a half an hour on a computer. As you can see computers have helped students all across the . Lastly, computers supply kids with things to do while they can't go out side to enjoy nature. Many people would that kids would go on their computer when they were able to go outside. A study done by the @CAPS2-obesity shows that @PERCENT2 of kids would rather be outside playing and excersising than in their house on their computer. But sometimes, during certain weather conditions, kids aren't able to go outside, so they myt entertain themselves indeers. A study done by @ORGANIZATION1 shows that mere the @PERCENT3 of kids go on their computer when they can't be outside. If suddenly those kids lost their computer privleges, many of them will have little to entertain themselves with. Clearly, the computer occupies the time of kids who can't go outside. In conclusion, the computer has enormouse benifits on society. It allows people to send messages and information faster, helps students whith school, and gives kids something to do when they can't be outside. I hope that this letter had convinced you of the benefits of computers."	10
"Did you know that @PERCENT1 @LOCATION1 people use their computers extremely often? Not many people don't have a computer these days and sometimes it's hard to get away from it. I think most people can control themselves, though I believe that computers are very important and also have a positive effect on people. I use the computer to talk with friends and family, to help with my homework, and I am still active. I spend quite a bit @LOCATION1 time on the computer, yet I am still a very active person. I take dance lessons twice a week and when I can. I ride my bike, play outside, or run on the treedmill. I would say that I am a very healthy person. It @MONTH1 seem like I am on a lot, but really I have something. Also, all my friends are on the computer and some @LOCATION1 them are more active then me. Most people spend lots @LOCATION1 time on the computer and are still healthy and busy with other activities. I would definetly say that I interact with my family quite a bit. In a family @LOCATION1 it is kind @LOCATION1 hard not to. Also, I hang out with my friends every chance I get. I interact a lot but the computer lets me talk to them when there not around. Most @LOCATION1 my extended family lives in @LOCATION1. The computer lets me communicate with them and even exchange digital pictures. Sometimes your friends. This has happened to before and I were too busy to get together or it was snowing and my parents couldn't drive. We still got to talk and have a nice conversation. Some people have to be on the computer all day. my mom keeps the books and managers many things for a company. She spends a lot @LOCATION1 time on the computer whether she likes it or not. This really cannot be helped. Sometimes it is just necessary. Also, teachers use it to help them teach classes and prepare materials for it. As s result, I use it for homework. I @MONTH1 need to check my homework, research a topic, or use it for help. I think the computer is absolutely necessary and is a very irresplaceable piece @LOCATION1 technology. I'm sure you will now agree that computers are helpful, not harmful. As long as you get equal amounts @LOCATION1 fresh air and family interaction, they have a very positive on people's lives."	9
"A large amount of people use computers daily, but not everyone agrees this technology benefits society. I think that computers benefit our way of life in many ways. This very useful technology has a positive effect on people because, it allows people to send, receive, and research a vast variety of information easily. @PERCENT1 of people use the computer to get information and get it more quickly than reading a book about that specific topic. They say that this powerful technology has been more effective and quicker. My cousin and I were both given the same research paper to do. He used several books to get information on the topic and I used the computer. The project took me @NUM1 days to do, while it took him a whole week to complete. @PERSON1, computer programming expert, said, ""Computers have made receiving information so much faster. I vehemently believe that everyone should own this device. Moreover, computers help with communication. There are many ways to keep in touch with people over the world, like email, chat rooms, and websites like @CAPS1 and @CAPS2. These websites are a great tool to keep in touch with family and friends or even fans. @PERSON2, lead singer of the band @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION1, said ""@CAPS1 is a way to talk to the fans directly ad post updates about upcoming tours and albums. Not only isit great for bands but it is great for college students. My older brother is a college student and we communicate through these websites so it seems like he is never that far away. The computer can also help with business. Meeting can be done through @ORGANIZATION2 or a different webchat service. Emails are a great way to send information. @NUM2 of business meetings are held over the internet has benefited work ethics. Please heed my advice and use the internet and computer. It will benefit your way of communication and your way of getting information."	10
"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1's small world after all - and growing smaller as computer usage becomes more and more widespread. Thousands upon thousands of sites and applications are now at your fingertips. I firmly believe that the effects of computers are overwhelming positive. For one thing, they increase hand-eye coordination.For another, they are a great means of communication.Finally they are a very powerful research tool. Some @MONTH1 say that computers are lessening time with family and friends, but I don't agree. Computers help us stay more conected than ever! The computer is not evil - quite the opposite! First of all, computers are great for increasing hand-eye coordination. In recent study by @PERSON1, he noticed a significant increase in motor skills of children aged @NUM1 to @NUM2 when they used educational computer programs such as @CAPS2 @CAPS3 for just half an hour, once a day. Children who did not use the program were seen to develop motor skills at a much lower rate. Hand-eye coordination is a skill needed from birth to death, and should be encouraged as uch as possible. I know that @CAPS1 greatly helps me in my daily life - and probably you in yours as well - from the mos basic tasks of eating and brushing my teeth to typing, drawing, and playing piano. As you can see, hand-eye coordination is very important. Second in my reasoning is that computers are brilliant communication aids. People can't always be reached by phone. An email could be waiting for them online whenever - and whereever - they check @CAPS1. Also, documents can be sent over email that would be near impossible for a home phone and difficult for most cells to process. Revolutionary video-conferencing programs like @ORGANIZATION2 can even allow us to talk to people around the world, practically eye to eye. I use @CAPS1 to keep in touch with family on the @LOCATION2. How about you? Last - but (at the risk of sounding cliched) definitely not the least - computers are very powerful research tools. Everything from the schedule of the local zoo (thus preventing toddler meltdowns when one arrives only to find @CAPS1 closed) to the average life span of the @CAPS4 elephant (@NUM3 years). Rather than skimming book after books for a single piece of information, plug your query into any of many search engines, from @ORGANIZATION1 to @CAPS5., and find answers instantly. Find about @LOCATION3 without the expense of a plane ticket. See photos of @LOCATION1 - a sight most people would never get to see without the internet. The computer can take us anywhere. In conclusion, computers are a great resource that are often wrongly portrayed in a bad light. Computers teach and improve valuable hand-eye coordination. Also, they help greatly with communication. And finally, they are a powerful research device. Computers are oftern shown as the bane of society. This is simply untrue. They are an excellent tool for all ages. Technology is not our enemy. Don't treat @CAPS1 like one."	11
"Dear Readers @ORGANIZATION1 the @LOCATION3, In this time almost everything @CAPS33 @CAPS39 revolves around tecknology, @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, with the @CAPS10. Changeing around @CAPS4 so quickly and without @CAPS5 @CAPS39 @CAPS33 still have time to stop and smell the roases? People are no longer at treadwell looking at the distinguished @CAPS6 in the fall or at @ORGANIZATION2 or playing @CAPS7 or baseball, but insted sitting on a chair @ORGANIZATION2 a video on @CAPS8 or playing games like @CAPS9 or @CAPS10 @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS11, In @LOCATION5 helth problems have become an epidemic! Why? Because @CAPS12 than enjoying the fresh air and open fields @CAPS13 has to offer @CAPS33 are enjoying @CAPS14 @NUM1 or our @ORGANIZATION4 @CAPS15 @CAPS16! As a @CAPS40 @LOCATION5 @CAPS21 @DATE1 has gone from @NUM2 @CAPS19 (@LOCATION1, @LOCATION2) @LOCATION6, @LOCATION4, @ORGANIZATION4-@CAPS17 and @CAPS18) having a @PERCENT2 @CAPS35 for obesity to @CAPS29 @NUM3 @CAPS19 with a @PERCENT1 @CAPS35! Thats more @PERCENT3 @ORGANIZATION1 @LOCATION5! What other rate is going @CAPS20 incresingly @CAPS21 they @DATE1's? The number @ORGANIZATION1 homes that own Computers and they @CAPS35 rate each home owns! Dr. @DR1 @CAPS22 @CAPS23 a @CAPS24 in they @ORGANIZATION4 Your @CAPS25 @CAPS26, he found that in they last @NUM4 @CAPS27 they number @ORGANIZATION1 type @NUM5 diabetics has almost doubled! @PERSON1 ahead reacher at @ORGANIZATION6 (@ORGANIZATION1) @CAPS28 an article for @ORGANIZATION3. In his article he exclaimed that, ""@CAPS29 @PERCENT4 @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS30 @ORGANIZATION4 own more than one computer per house - hold! @CAPS14, @CAPS15 and @ORGANIZATION5 are all doing verry well in this economic slumps, while sporting goods, books and exersise equipment are doing the right. @CAPS33 at @ORGANIZATION6 see this as a main cause for @CAPS32 growing lack @ORGANIZATION1 exercise and increase in time on home computers. Also just as important is how all this time spent on computers if effecting children, ""@CAPS33 @CAPS34 on @CAPS35 @NUM5 1/@NUM5 having on computer a day."" @CAPS36 as @PERSON2, a writer for the @ORGANIZATION4. It has become a parent that children are @CAPS34 in less time playing sports and more time on there ""amazing @ORGANIZATION4 @CAPS15 laptop"" playing video games! I am @NUM8, I have been playing @CAPS7 in @LOCATION3 for @NUM9 @CAPS27! @CAPS21 I was @NUM10. The @LOCATION3 travel team use to have so manny people try out it was difficult to get on, @CAPS38 so few people play that for barly need to try out! When I grow @CAPS20 I am most likely going to end put a job somowhere working for some big busniss like google teachings things need to be on so I will probohaly be working on computer, so for @CAPS38 I want to enjoy being a kid! he shouldent let kids waste these on video games, they will waste enoufgh @ORGANIZATION1 there lives behrind a computer later in life. @CAPS33 are talking about the health @ORGANIZATION1 this @CAPS40! Americus futer, the children @ORGANIZATION1 tommorow, @CAPS39 @CAPS33 want a @CAPS40 wher everyone has diabeties and diveron there computers? Through the @CAPS10 around @CAPS4 @MONTH1 change @CAPS33 need keep one thing the same no matter how difficult it is . That is @CAPS33 need to @CAPS41 @CAPS20 and help keep the @CAPS10 in good shape and @CAPS33 can't @CAPS39 that from behind a computer screen. Thank you for your time."	10
"The reason why I think computers are good is because people like to do their work, or children likes the games on the computers. The second reasons is that adults likes to do their jobs online. Finally people who have computers are probably happy because computers is a good thing to have because you can do everything on it. My opinion is that computers are good for people because you can do everything like play game, go on myspace, facebook, twiter and alot of other websites."	4
"Over @PERCENT1 of the @ORGANIZATION1 owns at least one computer in their house. Computers benefit society because they help the earth, and are a fast way to spread important information. Also you can talk with friends and family on computers. We have been told that some people think were spending too much time on the computer. Yes, but we need these machines to survive. News @CAPS1 took a pull and said ""more than half of @LOCATION1 schools are now using computers to put homework on to save paper"". @CAPS3 we start useing computers to do things that we ushelly use paper for we would be saving millions of trees. For example you can send an email insted of snail mail, the mail would go faster and save paper! People who care about the earth make websites on the computer to inform people how to @CAPS2 just to see each otherthey could mail and talk all they want. Also @CAPS3 you like to use cellphone alot the waves kill apoximately @NUM1 bees a year. @CAPS3 you chatted with your freinds it would save bees lives. The first snow day we my parents forgot to check the schools website and I was out in snow @CAPS3 we didn't computers this would happen to every little students an snow @NUM2 @CAPS3 there was a storm and you. I'v went out the is another place you can check' to get the weather and keep your family safe. @CAPS3 there was a hurricane and the power like birthdays and weddings your computer has a calendar on it that tells you wherever you write something on it. @ORGANIZATION1 citizens spend over @MONEY1 a year on phone bills. You can talk to freinds and family on the computer and save thousands. When parents don't have phones they rely on computers to comunicate with people. Have your kinds ever had a freind who for away and your kinds spend hours to them? Well they can talk and see each other while on video chat and it will feel like still here. Its now or never citizens of newtown! You know computers, help the earth there a fast way to spend information, and they let you talk and see your freinds online. So get up and write our local news paper telling them why computers benefit our society."	9
"Dear editor, Computers are one of the best things that have ever happened to the human race. They benefit society in every way imaginable, and have numerous positive affects on people. Computers improve hand eye coordination, allow people to learn about many subjects that books do not give them acess to, and allow millions of people every day to talk and communicate with friends and family. The most important use for computers is learning. Using computers, billions of people gain knowledge that they never would have been able to learn before. Many people like myself check the weather on the computer daily, making sure we are prepared or dressed appropriatly for the weather. Without computers, I would not be able to do this. Also, on days when it snows during the night, I always check the school's website when I wake up in order to ensure that school is still on. This is a helpful resource and I don't know what I'd do without it. Another thing computers allow us to do is check the news. With the click of your mouse, you can check to see who won the presidency, or what shows are on tonight. Another amazing aspect of computers is that they improve eye-hand coordination greatly. This not only benifits my mom who checks her email five times every minute, but my little three year old sister who loves to move the mouse around, and type in random letters on documents. It could entertain her for days, but most importantly, it helps improve her eye-hand coordination every second she sits in that chair. This improved skill will help her enourmously in her future when she soon begins to play sports, and ride bikes. Finally, computers allow millions of friends and family to communicate daily at no cost. If classmates forgot to write down homework they can email the teacher instantly, and know exactly what the homework is and even open the sheet that the teacher attached, and print it out. A couple of weeks ago, my dad went to @LOCATION1 for thirteen days, and it was outragously expensive to talk to him on his phone. So, every couple days, he video chatted with me instead so I could talk to him. hear what he was doing, and even see the view of @LOCATION2 from his window. This was very special to me and could not have been done without computers. As it is so plainly clear, computers help us in so many ways that we forget about like educating us, improving our eye hand coordination, and allowing us to communicate with friends and family. These are just a couple of the positive affects and benifits that computers provide us with."	10
"When people think about computers the first thing they think of is games. Thats not all they are good for. For most people they are very usefull. Computers are great for @ORGANIZATION1. At @ORGANIZATION1 they help with homework and projects. When we are assigned a project we need to do research on a topic and the fastest and easier way is by computer. The students at @ORGANIZATION2, especially @NUM1 graded, are able to type up easys because it's faster and alot easier. If we are at home and we forgot our homework we could look it up online. This can be really helpful and convient to students and teachers. Sometimes it's not @ORGANIZATION1 but its finding things. Technology and computers have came a long way. Now we can look up directions to places we dont or cant find. People can also finding names, numbers, or address useing websites like yellow pages can be a relieable resource for that. Say your going for vaction and your try to find somewhere to stay it could be tough but there are websites you can go on were if you want something fast or mabye a nice hotel for a low price you can find it. The computer can be very fan and intersting when you go places like the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and you want to show picture of the great time you had so you can post them online. Say you havent talked to and old friend in a while, you can look for them on @CAPS3 or another website and start talking agian you can also play games and connect with friends or play games with friends while online. Weather its @ORGANIZATION1, finding things, or connecting with frends the computer has what ever you need. Maybe it will at one point get damged but they have people who can fix it. Plus if you think about it computers have very reliable resourses that are more updated then books."	8
"Dear Local Newspaper, In my opinion I support the advances in technology. Advances in technology helps us get information on things we need to get information on, we can chat with friends and family online and it can help our reading and hand-eye coordination skills. One of the reasons why I support advances in technology is because computers/phones can help us get information on things we need to get information on. We need to know what is going on around us, all the time. We need to know what is happening and what is happening with other people in our lives. We need to know the weather/traffic conditions if you have children you need to know if the school is open and if you work in places that use computers for information, you need to check if your boss or co-worker sent you anything important that you need to know about. The second reason why I support advances in technology is because we can chat with friends and family online. We can chat with our family and friends on the other side of the world who have computer. Most of us want to know if our family and friends are ok and healthy, even though we can't see them in person. I, for one, knows this is fact because my family and friends touch each other online. Staying communicated with our family and friends keeps our boats strong. The last reason why I support advances in technology is because computers can help us with our reading and hand-eye coordination skills. Computers can help our reading skills because if we don't have time to go to the bookstore to get a book, we can read the book online for free. It can help our hand-eye coordination because it can help our fingers move faster and help us do things faster. I stated all of my reasons why I support advances in technology. Computers can help us get information on things we need to get information on, we can chat with friends / family online and it can help our reading and hand-eye coordination skills."	8
"Many people have been talking about computers in the @ORGANIZATION1. Networks like @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION2, and @CAPS2 have be saying that the computers are turning the people in lazy goodd for notings. But I say different! I think the advances in technology is a good thing. Way? I'll give you @NUM1 reasons. My first reason is they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people. Next reason is makes life better. And my last reson is it give you hand-eye coordination @CAPS3't you sick of haveng to go to the book stor and find a book to do a project? well now with the computers you don't have to. You just go online and look up the info that you need to learn about almost anything form the use to @LOCATION1. Next reason is computers make life better."	6
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 oppinon about computers are that people should use them. Think about your children, when they grow up they will need to know how to use a computer for school, or even a job. It also teaches hand eye cordanation for multi tasking. The computer is also fun and easy to use. I am almost positve that you love to use a computer, who dosn't? @CAPS2 first reason is that you will need to use a computer in everyday life. For example if you are going to a job interview most @CAPS3 will ask how meny words a minuet can you type you need to be proficant. Also at school if you have a writing asinment due then it would take more time writing it than typeing it. All @CAPS3 you will have to type one time or another. Aspesaily your job as an @CAPS1 you need to use a computer everyday. The computer also teaches hand eye cordanation. Hand eye cordanation is kinda like multi tasking you could type and talk on the phone or even excircising and txting. Hand eye cordanation is a very important skill in life. All @CAPS3 you will need to multi task like at a library you need to find a book and talk to people. Even driving a car you need to multi task to stay on the hand, you need to use one fast from brake and gas and you need to be looking at the road. You must to multi task along with hand eye cordination. Your in luck a computer teaches you. @CAPS2 last and final reason is its fun and easy to use. I was @NUM1 when I started uing a computer I loved to play fun games. I never could type but I caught on because if you are having fun while you it will be easy to turn. Just like math its not fun but you have to larn how to do it. So if you like having fun while lurning some thing the computer is for you. It's now or never for people to larn, get @CAPS3 and get good grades. Its fun and easy to lurn how to use. It teaches you hand eye cordanation plus multi tasking. You will absolutly need to know how to use a computer for @CAPS3 and school. We need computers for life we always will need to use computers for every single day of our lives. Don't tell people it will note your brain or you will become unhelthy from being on the computer look past it. Don't you see all the good uses for computers?"	9
"I People spend too much time on the computer. A lot of people are on the computer for about the whole day. They should be spending time with family and friends. People never have enough time for activities. Also computer should mostly be used for talking with family and friends, homework,research, games @CAPS1 bored, and work. To begin with, people need to spend more time with family and friends rather than on the computer. For example @CAPS1 your mother or father asked you @CAPS1 you wanted to go out to dinner and you said no, I'm on the computer, that would just mean your obsessed with going on the computer. A lot of families are bing broken apart because people spend too much time on the computer @CAPS1 you have a friend over and they say I am bored and all you are doing is play games on the computer than that is just being rude because your friend is bored. So you need to get off the computer and spend time with your loved ones. Previously I stated how people spend time with loved ones, well people need to spend more time doing activities as well. A lot of humans sit on the computer and eat so over the time they eventually get fat. @CAPS1 you are gaining weight because your on the computer than you need to go do some activite to off that fat. @CAPS1 you are a teen and you are given the idea to play a sport and you it because computer is more important then is some serious obesession with the computer. As a result, the computer should be used wisely. The computer should be used to talk to family and friends, homework, research, work, and @CAPS1 you bored play some games little games on the computer. Those are probably the most important things that should most likely used for the computer. A lot of these things that I have listed are important because @CAPS1 you go on the computer just to be on and watch people talk then what's the point of wasting your time on the computer when you could be doing much more different things on the computer. For example, @CAPS1 you have homework such as vocabulary and you need definitions you can go to www.dictionary.com to find them, or @CAPS1 you just need to define a simple word. In conclusion, people spend too much time on the computer. They need to be spending more time with family and friends. Also people need to be doing more activities in their lives. Lastly, you should use the computer for useful things like homework or even very important research. So, as you can see humans spend too much time on the computer rather than doing much more important things."	10
"Computers? Have you ever thought of how a computer is made or how every small part of a computer is installed? Well, unfortunately I don't have the answers to these questions but I do have another quistion for you to think about. Are computer's bad for you? Well, I think that they arn't because first of all, they teach us hand-eye coordination, give people the chance to learn about places and people that they have never seen or even heard of, and lastly the allow people to talk to faraway relatives or friends without ever having to go to them. As I was say in before, the computer gives people good eye-coordination. For example people usually are not very good catching a ball at first but of course if you keep on practicing you will get better. Same thing with the computer, at first you arnt very good or fast at typing but if you keep practicing you will gradually get quicker at it. Then this good habit will help you while your at school or at work. Second the computer gives people the ability to learn about places or people that they have never seen or heard about. For example some people might have yet not heard the warter falls, trails, or food's from @ORGANIZATION1. Another example is that mabey some people might not know about the belly dance came from @LOCATION1. or the big dragon came from @LOCATION2. The excelant source to find out all these things in a quick amount of time without having to . The computer is also excellent for elderly people are in weel chairs and can't take too much . Lastly, it let's people talk to far away relatives or family members online. This is better because then mabey a father went on a busines trip to another country and talking on the phone is really satisfying also you can forget about sending letters. It is always nice to greet a father, a mother, or even distant cousin online were you can see how much they have grown. I hope you you have taken my side on this judgement for it is very important to me. Please remember my three reasons and don't forget that this includes you to."	8
"I disagree what people say about computers. Likewise of corse they teach hand eye coordination. But they are not good enough for people. Lets find out what I have to say to these people who think that computers have a positive effect on people. People are so fat! Wounder why. Because they spend to much time on computers and less time exercising. Anyways @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION1 is obese. Concluding that some people die each year of being over weight. Think of it this way baseball players and so on can get about @NUM1 to @MONEY1 a year, isn't that what you want to be millionaires? Isn't nature so great when you exsperiance it? Well I think so because people don't think before choping down trees. Think about the animals don't you think they get enough torrocher evey year. Computers are such a bad influiance to people agian because people need to experiance life an not sit behind a desk or a home being lazy. Myspace, facebook and all the other crazy site s on the web are not good. There are sexturall preteters all over the world that like to rape kids and teenagers like us at batchelder. You should not interacted with friends on the internet for that reason. You should get some exersise at the park with your firends and family. Aslo its better to talk to new friends in person because you can get to now them better as you grow up. There are many reasons why computers are bad and sometimes even worse. Don't use computers for stupid reasons. Or might get yourself killed. It makes you so felt that you won't be able to walk. Just keep that in mind people."	8
"Dear @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION2, I have recently learned that the paper has decided to write about computers and how benefit society in @LOCATION1. I am writing this letter to say that I agree with how computers benefit society. @CAPS2 first reason is that computers help people educate others. They allow people to learn about hand-eye coordination. @CAPS2 final reason is computers allow you to talk online with your friends. There's a lot more in store so keep reading on. @CAPS2 first reason why computers are good for society is computers help people learn about things. To start things off computers are a great way to help out in school because it's a quicker way to get an education. For example a computer helps you study for a test with information websites like @ORGANIZATION1. @CAPS2 second reason why computers provide a good education is computers help you do your homework. For example when there's a major essay due the next day, you can go on a computer and type it. It's quicker and a lot more productive. I remember this one time when i had to write a final draft for an important essay and it was @CAPS2 last day to do it. Since it was @CAPS2 last day to do it the first thing I did was to the library and type it what would have took me an hour to write took me half an hour to type. That all hear I'm moving on. @CAPS2 next reason why computers help out in society is computers help learn about hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is something that must people have, but for those who don't the computers help out in many reasons. @CAPS2 first reason is computers help learn yoga. Yoga is something to help take away stress inside of you. Computers have online video's that help you use it if you don't have the time to actually go. @CAPS2 final reason is that computers help out with sports. Sports are something that everyone loves to participate in and something that everyone likes. Computers have videos that show you how to play sports and enjoy them as much as you do in real life. I'm going on now. @CAPS2 last reason why computers help out in society is you are able to talk with your friends online. @CAPS2 first reason why you can talk with your friends is a website called @CAPS2-@CAPS3. Myspace is a website that's all about talking with your friends. It has grown extremely popular in chatting. @CAPS2 final reason is online dating. If you want to start dating again you can always start online. It allows you to start a new life without leaving your room. I should probably start rapping things up. Now that you have heard all of @CAPS2 reasons for why computers are helpful in society I should rap things up. Having computers in life is one of the most usefull things you can have. You can talk to your friends, learn handeye coordination and get an education. As you can see computers rule. There's so many more reasons but this is just one mans opinion who knows what other people think about them."	8
"Alot of people have different ideas on if they believe computers benefit society. I for one believe that computer are useful for many things. The first reason why I believe this, is because one a lot of schools will need them for students, to do projects. Second they have computer gamed to help kids learn. Third I believe its a good way to just relax. The first reason why believe computers are good is because many kids in school will need them. In school we have a lot of projects that we might need type or get a picture. If we didn't have computers there would be no way we could do that. Also if we do persuassive waiting pieces. We would need a computer to type it to make it looks better. Many people might say we could all just write it out. But I believe that typing it might be faster and neater for some people. The second reason why I believe computers are good is because they have many good games to help people I know that have many different games text not readable Computers are good is because it's a a good way to relax. Aint of people get home from work or and are very tired. But instead of just going and sitting on the couch for the whole night you could go to the computer and do a fun game for a little while. Many people say that watching tv and going on the computer is the same things. But if you play an educational game once in a while it might be ok. But then you can do something fun on the computer every so often. In conclusion I believe computers are good because one many kids need them for school second they have a lot of educational games. its a good way to relax."	9
"Dear @CAPS1, many people say that computers can have an bad effect on people. I came to disagree computers make our lives so much easier. We can talk to people that we have not seen in a while, we can read/see other places we thought we would never know about; And insted of having to hand write that book we can typr it up. I find these are resons that show that computers don't have a bad effect on people. Imagin you are on facebook and you type in your best friend from high schools name she pops up and you a on net. The next day she is on happy you are connected. Thats she kind of thing that happens everday people reconnect, this not only happens on facebook, not all over the internet! Reconecting with friends and family, talking to your boss on next door you can even send a picture of your new born baby to your mother who lives in @CAPS2. Having computers really allows us to reconect to these we have lost. Other are very inportant. But what if we know nothing about other cultures then what would life be like with computers we can instantly learn about other unlike having to go to the ad you have to do is type in the place and pick the size you want to look at all with using computers. @LOCATION1 ago people would have to write our everthing word by word letter by letter. Not with computers. So dont worry that @NUM1 page paper, you can just type it and with some softwear, you can even your paper edited right on the spot. This is great for not only school, children but adult to. That dissnes proposle can be done quickly and easily with computers. Many people say that computers can have a bad effect on people. But with advancing technology site gets easier, and the gives more time other things. There is no bad effect of computers. The effects is just helpful ness."	8
"Although many people love to be on computer palying video games and have cyber chats, most of them don't know how bad a computer can be even though I experience a great time on the computer, I know how bad it is. Here is a short example. You can experience problems with your computer, if you stay on the computer for to long it can over heat and that can cause it to stop working. Another problem is side effects. you can get headaches from just staring at the screen for to long. Those headaches over time can become even worst. You @MONTH1 even get poor vision from a computer. Computers can also be addicting. Because of your addictition with computers you @MONTH1 become less close with family or friends, causing your social life to be very minimal. Also, because of the addiction, it @MONTH1 work its way to your daily routines causing you to have to play it daily and more thatn the average person does. Your personality @MONTH1 also change with your social life and routine. Lastly, computers can be very dangerous. if your child gets on to one he @MONTH1 accidentlly link heimself to a dirty or bad websites. He then to the negatives of a computer. On a computere your child will probally be shown things like words to pornographic features. These are all things that should not be allowed to access on a computer. Computers are addicting, they cause problems and are dangerous wrong in my opinion should be stopped. Now you think we should do about computers."	8
"Dear @CAPS1 I think that computers are beneficial to our society for example, computers are very helpful to everybody. Computers alsi travel nows faster. And they can teach us new things. I am not saying computers donÅft have their downs, but, computers also have their ups. Computers are very helpful in many ways. They help people find lost fmaily members, and they help police officers find many criminals. Haven't you lost soemone in your family, or haven't spoken to them in years and always wanted to find them and get back in with them? Well that's what computer are for. Aslo haven't you been concern about the many criminals on the street, and wanted to get them of the streets and in jail where they belong but didnt have a way to do that? Computers  help. Haven't you notice that computers are  help police many women in the present time? Computers  people in the , but they help travel fastre for example say you heard there was hurricane or tornado and you needed to find out how . All you have to do is on the computer and look it up. Also, there an earthquake in @LOCATION1 and the didn't information to help you. You would just go on the computer and find all the information you need. COmputers are of many things for they you. Computers teach you alot, like hand-eye cordiantion. Think about it, you might on hte computer that, but it helps. If you yourself while you are on the comp[puter you would start to see that you are typing fastre and learning where all the letters are on the keyboard now, then when you saw your first computer. Computers though, not only teaches you hand-eye cordination but it also teaches you of many wonder places. Such as @CAPS2 falls, rain forests etc. Now, dont get me wrong, @CAPS3 not saying that computer dont their downs and that people dont take advantage of computers. but, I am saying that they help society alot. They travel news fatser. Also they taught alot to people. So take my opinion into consideration. And think about how much computers have done for you."	9
"Dear @CAPS1 of the @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS2 you know that computer have been around since the @DATE1. Ever since then, many people have had a better life. Computers really help the elderly out a lot. When they need to pay a bill, they could just log in, pay it and move on. Another thing is if they need to write a letter, but their handwriting isn't that elegable anymore, they could type it, print it, and be done. This way the person receiving the letter will be able to read the letter. Computers are a fad that will never die out. Doctor @PERSON2 of the @ORGANIZATION1 in @PERSON1 said, ""The children I work with use computers everyday to build their hand to eye skills, ever since they have increased that skill @PERCENT1."" The corperate from @ORGANIZATION3 said that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people agree that everyone should have a computer. Computer help you out with projects and I think everyone should have one too. Are you ever sitting home with nothing to do? Well, why don't you go out and buy a computer to play with? Computers can help you do all types of things. If you like to play video games. then you'll love one of these machines. They have all types of game systems out there just for computers. They also have web sites you could go on just to play them. I'm sure most of you like to play games, so why not try it. A basic computer isn't that much if your worried about the money. So go out and buy one. There is a lot of people in college now and mostly all of them have computers. They make research easier and faster to find. Which would you rather do get ready, jump in the car, drive to the library, search for a book, stand in line, and check it out, or, get on the computer, search what your looking for and be done? You make that decision. When college students get stressed which happens all the time, they could turn on music from the computer to calm them down. Computers have changed the world in a good way, and they continue too. You should buy a computer today."	8
"Dear Local Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 is great concern about computers and wether or not people spend to much time sitting infront of the screen or not. I believe that people should be more aware of the time they are in the computers. Instead of ruining your eyes you should be exercising, enjoying, and being with family and friends. Exercising is a major part of every persons life and if you don't get enough of it you could become obeise. Obeisity @MONTH1 cause people to not like you or think that you are a slob. Although you might say that you don't care what others think, but in the long run it might be a mistake if you think this way. exercise will most likely rid you of almost any type of discrimination because you will look no different or even better than the average person. If you ever get the chance get a telescope and set it up in a spot where you can see the stars at night. Instead of keeping your eyes glued to the computer on a nice, sunny joy, go for a walk in the woods. As you can see, nature is much more beautiful than hundreds of tiny tots of colors forming an image of nature. If you find an image of a beautiful plant, why not go and see or feel the plant 'in person? Many programs are now available on computers that let you see people, but wouldn't you rather talk to him or her in real life? I sure would and I think most other people would as well. @PERCENT1 of the population of @LOCATION1 said that they would much rather talk to friends or relatives in person than on a computer screen. I feel that however possible, you should always talk to people in person and not through cameras and wires. I hope I have made myself clear that exercising, nature, and people in real life are all much better options than being in front of a computer for the rest of your life."	8
"Dear local newspaper, I strongly believe computers can be bad for society. My reasons being people are spending to much time on their computers, less time exercising, and lose interacting with family and friends. My first reason why i think computers are bad for our society is people are spending to much time on them. I know when i get home from school the computer is all i can think about until i go on. It's like an addiction. People spend all their time on a social net work other then going out and meeting new people. My second reason is people spend less time exercising. Ive been over a friends house before, and all we did was play computer games instead of enjoying nature outside. Alot of @CAPS1 don't make healthy food choices, so why not go out and exercise? It's because of the computer. Ive seen my little brother spend his whole saterday eating in front of the computer and playing games. It's just unhealthy. My last and final reason is it takes time away from family and friends ive spent my whole day after school in my room on the computer. It's like when your on the computer nothing else matters because you think ""hey why not just talk to my friends over @CAPS2, or myspce, or facebook! you lose a lot of friendships like this. Also you lose friendship with you family because you badly talk to them while your on the computer. Half the time im to busy talking to someone i don't know then helping my little brother with home work, or helping my mom clean the house. In conclusion these are my three reasons why i think the computer is bad for sivilization. I really hope you take all this into consideration and really think what the computer can do to @CAPS1 I people once again those three resons are one, people are spending to much time on their computer. Two, spend less time exercising. Three, lose interactions with family and friends."	8
"Computers do not benefit society today. Computers have made technology a necessity, many people don't spend enough time doing other activities, and they do not benefit your health. Do you want a world full @ORGANIZATION1 people who have their eyes glued to a computer screen? Computers are very helpful to all people but they are adicting. Computers were made to get your tasks done quicker and easier. For example you can shop online and google things. We live in a generation where computers have become a necessity instead @ORGANIZATION1 pleasure. According to @PERSON1, a psychologist at the @ORGANIZATION1, more than @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 people, now-a-days, are inside on their computers. Furthermore, computers are making people lazier. Instead @ORGANIZATION1 going to the store to buy things or walking to your friends house to talk, you would typically use the computer to do so. Therefore, people don't spend enough time doing other things. For example, on a sunny and beautiful day you would think that most kids would be outside having fun, but this isn't thet case anymore. For children who are old enough to use / work a computer, they'@CAPS1 be inside on that nice day. There are many nice things to do on a computer, like chatting with friends, checking your e-mails, and facebook. Even though these things are pleasurable, you should limit your time on the computer. Most @ORGANIZATION1 the time that you spend on the computer could be spent outside or at the movies. Not being on the computer could help small buisnesses too. If you pay money to do an activity, or buy something, watch something it would make a difference in the small buisness's profits. On the other hand, computers don't benefit your health. Mac. magazine says that there are health risks when you use your computer all the time. @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 people become obese and have vitamind @CAPS1 deficiancy from using their computers so much. When using your computer you could be working out or exercising, and this causes obesity. Also, if you are inside all the time, you wont get the healthy amount @ORGANIZATION1 sunlight that you need, thus you have a vitamin @CAPS1 deficiancy. Another health risk is having bad eyes. If you spend hours a day on a computer your eyes can get permanently damaged. Do you want your child / children to be put at risk for using a computer too much? In conclusion, it is safe to say, that computers do not benefit society today. Many people have an addiction to technology, you could be using your time more wisely, and computers put your health at risk. Although computers do allow us to have an easier time accomplishing tasks, abusing the privlage will have consiquenses on everyone."	9
"Dear Local Newspaper, I have been using my computer for a long time now. I didn't have one growing up, but I got one last year. Ther has been people saying tht the computer is good and it helps you stay in contact with friends and family it helps you learn about everything and you can look up the news. I totally agree with this. But some people don't like the computer because they spend more time on it then going outside. Here are ny thoughts on the computer. First of all, teh computer is a great way to look up the news. You can find more news and weather faster then you can on teh television. if you want to find the news, just got to awebsite that you think has news. I am find out what weather is today, what happens throughout the day that @MONTH1 be shocking to everyone, and find out about celebrities. All this at a push of a button, and a click of the mouse. Secondly, the computer is like a tutor. Either your having trouble on homework, or you just want to knoe a simple fact, the computer is for you. Just search up soemthing you want to know on a search engine and you will have your answer. This amy not seen that important, but it is when you are anxious to learn. Lastly, the computer is the famous way of communicating around the globe. Whether it's facebook, myspace, aim, you can tlak to your distant or close family and friends. You might think, ""oh tha's what a phone is for""? Well all of these websites are free. Yeah, I said it free. There is also skype. Skype is where you can actually see the person you are talking to. Yes, the wonderful world of technology. So now you know that a computer can teach you things. it can find you news, and it can help you communicate across the globe. Now your thinking, ""People spend too much time on the computers right""? This is where independnece comes in. Get off or it. it's your decision to stay on it, not the computers. Limit your time to a half hour a day. Go ourside, enjoy nature. AMybe do a little excercise. "	8
"Dear @CAPS1's at the @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2 to @PERSON2, ""Computers have helped me further @CAPS6 research. I can search up so many things to help a patient and keep all @CAPS6 important information organized."" @CAPS3 you question a leading doctor? I agree with @PERSON3 and say that computers are good use in society today. People were already becoming lazy because of television. You can't balme it on computers. With websites such as @CAPS4 and @CAPS5, people can keep in touch. They can make plans with one another to go for a walk in the park or dancing. These things can keep people healthy, active and in tiptop shape. Computers help people keep in contact with others. ""@CAPS6 patients can email me to schedule an appointment and let me now if they think something's very wrong with them."" say's @PERSON1. With computers, you can email distant family and friends to learn if there are problems quicker. Most people tend not to pick up the phone if someone calls during a crisis. You also don't have to worry about running up your phone bill. you can just @CAPS4 chat with a bud instead of using up an hours worth of minutes. You can learn so much more information faster. How @CAPS3 feel if no one called and told you your bestfriend died or your mom, and you had to find out by reading the newspaper? You'd be extremely upset. I know I @CAPS3 be with email, you and your family can stay in touch with old, new, and now friends. So if anything bad happens and a person didn't know hoe to tell you, they could email you. It's so much easier than telling a person that their.mom died by email them by phone. To hear pain in a person's voice will make you want to cry. You feel their pain. So, now do you understand that computers are a great benefit to today's society? You can't blame computer's for people becoming lazy, since television was already doing that. If a person want's to be lazy, then that's their decision. you shouln't go around blaming pothers and things when its no one else's fault but that persons. This is a great way to keep in contact with other's. Plus, think of all the information you can learn. Not just about family and friends, but the world too. Thank you for taking the time to read @CAPS6 essay and I hope you can see things @CAPS6 way."	8
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 personal opinion on computer technology is that it is extreamly bad for you, and we need to take percaution, and worry about eye protection vertual harrasment, and that there are dangerouse people on the @CAPS2. Eye protection is important. Although computers are hurting them by, the screen being too bright and hurting your eyes. Also if you look for too long it could make them tierd. I can tell you from personal experence that glasses are un-cool and some people get picked on for it and that could happen if your eyes get hurt so you can see as well as you did befor. It's glasses or even going blind. Vertual harrasment is another thing to be aware of. Over the @CAPS2 you could be cyber bullyed by kids you @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 not know. For example, one day you could be on @CAPS3 and be talking on a chat room and kids could make sexual, homophobic, or even just plain remakes. Witch brings me to the, sexual harrasment. Sexual harrasment if extreamly can make people feel usually bad selfs. Kids take pride in calling others bad names regarding there rase, there gender, or even the gender they like. So take extra percaution when seeing sexual harrasment. Sexual preditors are a parents biggest fear to kids. Sexual preditors are everyware, @CAPS4, @CAPS5, @CAPS3, or even your neibors and wile kids are running around town looking and acting the way they do there extreamly un-safe. This is why you @CAPS7 put any personal information on the @CAPS2 not your adress, not your birthday, not your cell or house numbers, nothing not even your town. Also sometimes its a little dangerous to put your last name. So be very carful on the intrenet. When you see sexual harrasment, or someone being followed by a sexual preditor report them! and be safe."	8
"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I think that people spend way too much time on the computer these days. They get less exercise. Don't get to enjoy the nature around them, and they don't get to interact with their family and friends! If people stop spending so much of their day on the computer, then they wouldn't be having too many issues. People need to spend less time on computers, and spending more time exercising! Computers all over the world do not involve much interaction with any part of your body other than your hands. You don't tend to want to get up or do anything else when you're on your computer, right? Well that needs to change. Often, peolple get cranky while they are using a computer or if they need to get off of one. Some people are so obsessed, they might even break down and have a fit! Nobody want's to see someone throw a fit because they have to get off the computer do they? If they don't get exercise anytime when you're not on a computer it can deffinately shows. Jimmy @CAPS2 syas, ""@CAPS3 @NUM1 kids are on their computers way to much! They never come out of their rooms, and if they ever do, then they are normally very cranky. They're getting fat! I can tell because all they eat is junk food. This needs to "" @CAPS4 can't even have a little of time with his children. They should go on a family trip and enjoy together! That brings us in next issue. We all need to enjoy nature more. Why would you spend your time on a computer looking of pictures of nature when you have it right there in your . It's because kids are too lazy to get off their lazy and go outisde. The best thing about nature is that if you are  about need to be alone or even just need to get , nature is always there for you anytime you need it. You can laways go otside with your friends and family too!. I'm sure that they would apreciate people getting off their computers to spend some quality time together. Yet again, our next and final issue. Computer obsessed teenagers and adults need to be with their family and friends. When talking to your friends why bother talking to them on the computer when you can just get together and go do something fun? ALso, when you spend time with your family, it brings them a lot closer toy ou. Nobody likes to not talk to the people you love and the people who reised you. When you're on a computer I just think of all the places you could , place you could be with. Nobody wants to be distant from their friends and family. Therefore, people should turn off their computers, go exercise, be around nature and have some quality time with their friends and family. Thank you"	10
"Dear local newspaper, I support the advances in technology, and believe that computers have a positive effect on people. I think this for @NUM1 simple reasons, @CAPS1, you gain computer skills, which can help in other situations. Second: Computers give people the chance to learn about faraway people and places.Lastly when you have a computer you can chat and talk to other people. When I think of a computer, I think of typing or a keyboard. After a few times of using a computer you get @CAPS2 and better it. You gain, typing skills, hand eye coordination and mouse skills. After jusst a few uses, your computer skills build up and you soon get good at it. When you do get @CAPS2 though, you get better quicker and more so it all works out very well. When you are on the computer, the internet allows you to search anything and everything. Weather it be a different culture or even schoolwork, a computer is helpful. When I am doing my homework, and I don't know how to another a question, I go on the internet. The computer allows me to get help with any homework I need help in, its great.I can even look up something on a different culture and compare it to ours. The computer allows me to do everything I need. Have you ever felt alone, but theres no one to talk to? Well that problem can be solved very simply, get on a computer. You can chat with people even if there is no one around. You can chat with someone half way around the world. Its amazing you can be anywhere, talking to anyone you want. A computers chat you to reconnect with old friends, and make new ones. Computers are great. When your on a computer, there is so much to do, so much you can get out of it. They are helpful and fun you never run out of options with a computer at your side. In my opinion, there is so much to gain and learn from a computer."	8
"I agree that we shold have computers, because more and more people use computers. Long time ago we don't even have computers, but now we do. Now we have computers we should use it. If we donÅft use computers why we even have computers? Computers can help you to learn faraway places like @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1, @PERSON1, and other faraway places. If we don't know what is going on faraway places then we don't know what kind flag they have and what do they eat, what do they have, are what they do, and what do they speak. You can even talking online with your friends on computer! You dont have to call you friend, you can just talk to you frien on online, if you need help with your homework are you left your math text book at school you frient can tell you the questions by talking online. If your friend is in @LOCATION2 are other faraway places your friend can bring there computer with him or her so your friend can just talking to you by talking online, you dont have to call your friend in @LOCATION2 or other places. You can also learn how to type, when you know how to type you can type faster and faster. You can type storys, poem, and notes are something you have to do at school, so you don't have to write on a pace of peaper you can just type on computer. That is why we should have computers and use more. I hope you agree with me."	6
"Dear NewsPaper @CAPS1, Have you ever taken into consideration how much an effect technology has on our society? Well, for numerous people, computers are their lives. They help adults stay in contact with their friends. Also, it gives users usefull information about anything you can think of. Computers are a great tool to help us with our lives, they help us learn skills for later in life. People who use computers do not spend too much time on them, we need them to live a good life. For example, the internet has many websites that keep people in touch. There are countless sites and to name a few, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @ORGANIZATION1, the list goes on and on. Many adults begin to realize that childhood friends seem to fade away as time goes on. With computers, you can chat with each other all night. In @CAPS4, it is also a convienient way to contact friends if they live in different places around the @LOCATION1. Moreover, computers are chock full of information. If a family wanted to take a vacation, they could use the computer to find a place they would enjoy and book a flight there. Also, if a student needed to do a report and was not able to go to the library, he/she would be able to use the computer to get the info for the report. Lastly if someone had an ailment and didn't know it was serious enough for a visit to the doctors office, they could look it up on the internet. they also have many sites for that sole purpose such as @ORGANIZATION2. Lastly, computer users learn valuable skills that these who don't will never have. Just knowing how to work one is an important skill but there are many features computers have that will help when a job or in college. For instance, making a power point for jobs or just slideshows of a party in your back yard. In @CAPS4 , typing is a valuable skill that most jobs nowadays require. And using the computer fine tunes hand-eye coordination. Although some @MONTH1 say that staring at a screen all day isn't healthy, @CAPS5 of @CAPS6.S.A citizens say using the computer is healthy for their social lives and we should use it in moderation. Computers are amazing tools if used properly and in moderation. The time has come to tell the people computers are usefull to society. They help social lives, teach us skills and, give us information on countless topics. People need them to have an enjoyable life. So, write an article regarding the need for the use of computers @DATE1 and notify the people they are making the right decision by using them. "	10
"Dear conneticut @CAPS1, you like to catch up on your favorite television showscar shop for the latest trends? Or maybe even planning out a get together with some of your old friends? Well with todays great technology you can do that on the computer! I can see that the experts are trying to decide whether or not computers are the healthiest thing that benefits our society but in my opinion I think they are great! As you @MONTH1 not know I am @NUM1 years old and have a @NUM2 year old brother; we spend alot of time on the computer not just for homework. I like to shop online for discounts and sales where I know thing are cheaper than in stores. I know my brother likes to go to concerts and buy himself the latest video games. My grandparents are older and don't watch alot of tv and read the Newspaper so the computer is great for catching up on your favorite tv shows and or the news. With these great pieces of machinery you can chat up a storm with old friends on facebook, @CAPS2, and @ORGANIZATION3. @PERCENT1 of teens @CAPS5 are shopping by brand names, like: @CAPS3, @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS4. All of these clothes and designer stuff is everything we want, but half of us don't have the money. If you go on the computer you can get all of these names and items for less than @MONEY1 compared to %@NUM3. Computers lower the price of things we want and need. I, @CAPS5 a days grandparents try to have a decents conversation with their kids or grandchildren but they go right vack to when they were little. As a grandchild to my @PERSON1 all she used to talk about was her days going through the great deppresion, but with computers she got to catch up on the news and @CAPS5 I can sit down with her and have a great conversation. You can also catch up on the shows you are missing when everyone is talking about them in school. The kids won't be missing out! When I was in @NUM4 grade I got my first facebook, I thought I was so could! That @DATE1 I went to camp and met all these new kids and found out that they all have facebooks. @CAPS5 I keep in touch with them, with out lossing my friendships. You see, I know the scientists or experts are probably smarter than a @NUM1 year old girl but I know that most teenaters and parents have facebook and say its great because we connect with people around the world. So I know these experts are going to make the best dicision on whether or not computers benefit our society but please take my ideas into consideration."	9
"Dear Local newspaper, @CAPS1 you have a computer at home you enjoy? Computers are a big thing now in life, they help with many things. Such as staying organized, studies, and even entertainment. These are the three topics I will focus on, because I @CAPS1 believe that computers are useful and people use them a help to make life a lot more easy. Let me start by saying: ""I am a man who enjoys computers, as a way to talk to friends, listen and search music, watch videos on youtube, get school work done, and much more! Although, on main point is it helps me stay orginized. I can make many folders to store my work in, rather then losing or spilling something on the paper if I wrote it out. I can have my music, homework, projects, does work, videos, pictures, and much more saved and orginized so I know where it is everytime I go to find it. There can be no more, ""my dog ate my homework"" excuse. Moving on to the next topic. As I mentioned you can save work onto your computer, you can add without earasing as well, the work becomes neat and perfect everytime. So when you teacher is grading on neatness no worry. You can also look up information on any topic you are working on in class witch alows you to get. More information, the better the grade. Spelling is not a factor now, because your computer tells you when a word is spelt wrong. It even gives you suggestions on how to spell the word by underlining it with a red squigle line. This really helps because a lot of people have hard times with spelling. You can even get @CAPS2 to play a book you are reading, witch helps you learn new words that you @MONTH1 not have knew how to sound out. Teachers can even post notes on school websites of homework, when projects are @CAPS1, ext. No more, ""I didn't know/remember what was homework/project due. Lastly, entertainment is the biggest thing with computers. People go on every day uploading videos, pictures, blogs, and just about what ever they want. Games are played on computers by younger kids, just learning, while older kids are enjoying playing maze, driving, shooting, adventure, and much more types of games. Just about everyone using a computer knows of some chat website in witch they use to communicate with any one. Myspace, facebook, twitter, and so much more are used by people to talk, express how they feel to everyone/to just let it out), show love to someone, send birthday wishes, to @CAPS1 what ever. Those are endless possibilities at entertainment on a computer. Without a dobt, no more, ""I'm bored"". @CAPS1 you use your computer to @CAPS1 anything like this? If so you must enjoy it. People use computer for every thing from work to expressing feelings. Now what side are you at?"	11
"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 the men and women who write everyday for a living, I would like @CAPS2 you were to write rection on computers. They teach @LOCATION3 faraway places, help build hand-eye coordination, and let @LOCATION3 talk online. Computers are part of everyday life and needs to be told about. First, computer let @LOCATION3 learn about faraway places without leaving the rooms. One of my mom's friends, They decide to move to @LOCATION2 she didn't like computer so didn't look at @LOCATION2's laws saying, I'll find out when I got there. ""@CAPS2 did find out the laws she didn't find enough cause cause she was arrested multiple times in her first few years. A few monthes after her last arrest she came back to the @LOCATION3 where she could deal with the laws. @LOCATION2 is a buetifull country and all of arrests were accidents because she didn't know the laws. Ten minutes on computer searching the laws in @LOCATION2 could have kept her in @LOCATION1. Next, comptures improve hand-eye coordination. From a survey @PERCENT1 of children that spend more time on computers are better at tennis, and at baseball then others. @PERSON3, a gym teacher at the @ORGANIZATION2 says, ""@CAPS3 of these kids that spend time on the compture are weak and need to get some exercise.Dear local newpaper: @CAPS1 you being the local newspaper, you have the power to say how you feel about the effects computers give to people. I believe that computers give great effects to people because it teaches hand-eye coordination, gives people the ability to learn about far away places, and it allows you to talk to people. In all, @PERCENT2 of people agree with my idea about computers. Firstly, using computers teaches people about hand-eye coordination. For example, my grandmother told me that she knows how to use her hands and eyes well because of using the computer. This is because she types and researches information all day long. In all, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands to focus more. Secondly, computers have a lot of interesting information on faraway places. @PERSON2 from @ORGANIZATION1 quotes, ""I always use computers for my work because it helps me learn about many new things. @CAPS5, it lets my wife and I search details about a trip we want to go on."" @CAPS5, the people agree with what @PERSON2 stated. However, people @MONTH1 say that computers give the wrong information many times, but @CAPS2 you find a wonderful website, it will never lie to you. Thirly, @CAPS2 you use computers it will let you talk online or video chat with friends or family all over the world. How this benefits you is because @CAPS2 you have not seen your relatives in ages and you cannot buy a ticket to visit them, then video chat. It has gotten people so much closer and you see the world in a whole different way. @CAPS5, instead of wasting all your cell phone minutes, go buy a laptop or computer with a camera on it so you can video chat. Lastly, taking to people and being active in other peoples life is important. In conclusion, you will have great eye coordination, you will be able to research faraway places, and you will always be allowed to video chat or talk to family online. @CAPS5, I want you to tell the whole world that computers are useful and people use them everyday without a problem. Lastly, you will have the best feeling ever @CAPS2 you make everyone smile by knowing you believe that spending time on the computer can teach you a lot! From so many students having greater hand-eye cooridination they will enjoy what their good at like tennis. @PERSON1, a professor of the human body at @ORGANIZATION1 states ""Technology helps hand-eye. Many who use computers more than others to be greater at @CAPS6 @CAPS7 and games along those lines."" This shows how hand-eye and exercise is linked to computer. Furthermore, computers help @LOCATION3 talk with other people. When a child goes to college they will still be able to email their famlies and talk to them. Talking with others by computers makes the world go round. World business need computers to contact eachother to decuss plans on how to move toward economicly. Lastly, computers are useful and should be useful more. They teach @LOCATION3 of faraway places, improve hand-eye coordnation, and let @LOCATION3 talk to other people. @CAPS2 an article is made to show the pros or computers, more people will experience the wonders of them."	10
"Dear @PERSON1, The advansing technology is showing a very negative affect on people. Because of computers people are spending too much time on computer and less time doing things that are better for them. First, spending too much time on the computer can be bad for your health in many ways. For example, looking at a bright computer screan for more than @NUM1 min at a time is extremely bad for your eyes. The brightness damages your eyes and can lead to severe loss of vision. Also, if you spend all of your time indoors and on the computer you will not get the exersize you need. @PERSON1, were you aware that for every @NUM2 min you are on the computer you should spend @NUM2 min outside. It is very important to get fresh air, sunlight, and exersize. Moreover, another problemwith computers is that you don't get as much interaction with people. With online chatting you can't know what the other person is feeling like, @PERSON1, or if you are even talking to other person you think you're talking to. It is much better to interact with people in person, face to face. To have good social health you need to hang out with friends, and laugh, and have a good time, not sit in a dark room and talk with online friends. @PERSON1, people need to interact with real people. Furthermore, computers can be very distracting to many people. For example, @PERSON1, say you needed to type up an article for the paper on the computer, but you decide to play a game for a min, or look something up, or talk with a friend. You say that it will only take a minute and then you with type the article. But when you stop all of a sudden you played for @NUM4 hours. Then you have to stay up later to finish. Computers are extremely distracting. People of all ages have this problem of being distracted by computers and not gettind work done. In conclusion, computers, although an advance in technology, have very negative side affects. @PERSON1, I feel that it is our job to tell the people of the negitive side effects of computers. It is our job to help people over come the side affects of computers. Please @PERSON1, we need to help the people by writing an article in the paper to warn them of the terrible effects computers have."	8
"Dear @ORGANIZATION2 (our local newspaper), @CAPS1 has come to my attention that more and more people have begun to use computers. This is a great advancement in our society! Computers have a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. @ORGANIZATION1, computers are making a great impact! Firstly, computers have a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination. This is useful in daly life all the time! Statistics show that sports players who own computers are @PERCENT1 more talented at things requiring their hands (like baseball or basket ball) than those who do not own computers. Owning a computer improves the way you use your hands in other activities too. Something as simple as driving a car doing the dishes is made easier thanks to the improvement in hand-eye coordination computers bring. This is a fantastic effect that computers have on people. In addition to the hand-eye coordination computers teach, they also help you learn about faraway places and people. This splendid information is easier to aquire thanks to the technowlogy of computers. ""@CAPS2 I didn't use my laptop for my @CAPS3 @CAPS4 report,"" says @PERSON1, and @NUM1 grade student, "" I would never finish. Books take so long and I learned so much about my topic from my computer!"" @CAPS2 you are going on vacation, You can easily research your destination's location and culture with this advanced search engine. Why wouldn't you use a computer when you learn so much from them? Finally, computers have a positive effect on people because they help them communicate with each other. They have lots of ways to video chat, @CAPS6 message, and even speak aloud to the person you want to communicate with. ""I had to move away from my best friend last @DATE1,"" says @PERSON3, resident of @LOCATION1, ""With my computer we can still talk to each other and stay friends."" computers are definatly a great way to communicate with friends and family. Computers have a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people; and even allow people to talk online with each other. So, @PERSON2, the increasing number of computer users is a beautiful thing! Ask yourself this, how would computers have a positive effect in your life?"	10
"Do a adults and kids spend to much time on the computer? Well I donÅft think they do. Sure they use it a lot but still it's for enter to inment. Kids need to use the computer because it's another way for them to communicate with each other. Textings good but it costs money, so does to lking on the phone. If a doesn't have texting they can go on facebook or something to make make plans to do something with a friend. What if it's a rainy day outside and there's nothing to do? Well that's what a computer for.Kids use the computer for entertainment. There's tons of games to play. All on different websites of course but that's beside the point. There's mmorpg or rpg those are two type of games I can think of computers are like kids own virtual outside world. Computers are also needed to do research for school projects. Also to get pictures. Sure there book but they don't always have everything you're looking for. You can't cut pictures out of books. You need a good grade on a project. Therefore computers need to be used a lot. for communication, entertainment, and school projects."	7
