"In the passage The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1. The builders of the Empire State Building faced opstacles in the building of the Empire State Building, in allowing dirigibles to dock there.One reason is that Al Smith (four-term governor of New York who headed efforts to construct the Empire State Building after his years in office) had made the tower tall... The hight of the building was 1,250 ft. But after almost losing the title of worlds tallest tower he announced that there would be a top or hat put on the tower.Another reason is the tower was made for Dirigibles (blimps) That Could @CAPS2 people from New York to New Jersey. Smith wanted a place where dirigibles could dock off. But it never happened because the German dirigible ""Hindenburg"" was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, and on May 6, 1937 the owners of the State building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it was over New York.In the 1930's the idea was dropped after another dirigible was trying to proform a stunt. The Empire State Building never got to fofil what it was made for."	1
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in their attempts to allow dirigibles to dock at the mooring mast. Al Smith was the architect, and man behind the idea of the Empire State building. He and the maker of the Chrysler building were competing against eachother to construct the world's tallest building. To make the Empire State building bigger than the Chrysler building, Smith was going to construct somthing that John Tauranac stated, ""Would be equipped for an age of transportation that was only the dream of aviation pioneers"". That dream was to travel by blimp. The Empire State Building was going to have a mooring mast at its top for the dock of air ships. It was not going to be as easy as the concept. The architects couldn't drop a mooring mass on the roof because it would stress the buildings frame. The greatest reason the mast would never fufill its destiny was for safety. The excerpt states, ""Most derigibles used hydrogen"". Hydrogen is flammable. There was also a law that was, ""against air ships flying too low over urban areas"". After numberous attempts and modifications, the idea was shelved."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced difficult circumstances and many obstacles during the task of designing a brand new Empire State Building to accompany this new means of travel. The builder's mission was to design the top of the Empire State Building to accommodate the mooring of blimps over one thousand feet in the air. The first obstacle was designing a landing area. This was difficult because the architecture needed had never before been created or even attempted in the past. A second obstacle was having to make sure the Empire State Building could withstand the stress created by the blimp. Paragraph @NUM1 says ""The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation."" The difficulty with this obstacle was having to refurbish the steel frame at the Empire State Building which took lots of time, work, and over sixty thousand dollars. ""The greatest obstacles to successful mooring was nature itself."" There were violent wind currents at the top of the building and the blimps were never very stable. There were many pedestrians under a moored dirigible so this was a very dangerous obstacle. Lastly, the pre existing laws of airships flying the low over urban areas posed a new problem. even with successful architecture, laws disallowed the blimps in the first place! Planes were also becoming more popular."	4
There were many obstacles that builders had to face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there One obstacle was the wind. At higher elevation the wind is much more powerful. This would make it very difficult to accually get the dirigible close to the mast. Also the structure of of Empire State Building. The framework was not built for the amount of weight that would be on top of the building. Builders made over @MONEY1 worth of fortifying the framework. Those are some obstacles that builders had to face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building.	2
"The builders had a very hard time because of where it was located, and how the dirigible was to dock. Their first problem was the fact that it was so tall, it was hard to work on. Another problem was the fact that the blimp would be pulling in on the building, so it had to be reinforced. The final problems that made them most an unreliable choice, were the wind conditions and the fact that the tail end of the blimp could swing freely. These all contributed to make the mast on the Empire State Building a bad idea."	2
"Thraghat The process of attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire state building the builders faced many obstacles. The first obstacle that the bilders faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there occurred in the actual ""building"" process. Because the mast wald add to much stress to the frame of the building if simply attached to its flat roof, the buldas had to reconstruct the steel frame of the building in order to safely place the mast on top, a very expensive and time consuming project. Another obstacle that the builders faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire state building had to to with nature itself. Because the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting the back of the ship wald swivel around the mooring mast which was very unsafe. The laws against airships flying too low over urban areas also proved to be an obstacle because the Ships would never be able to actually approach the area. In conclusion, the builders faced many obstacles during construction for the dirigibles."	3
"In @PERSON1's excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast,"" the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Although dirigibles were a modern form of transportation they were highly dangerous. As it states in paragraph @NUM1, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the U.S used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen in highly flammable."" This along with the ""violent air currents"" as stated in paragraph @NUM2, were two of the risks that the builders had to take into consideration. The builders needed to converse the idea of a safe way in which dirigibles could dock there insuring that no one gets hurt. Another obstacle the builders had to take into consideration was the law passed in which was, ""against airships flying to low over urban areas,"" as explained in paragraph @NUM3. The excerpt clearly explains the complications the builders had to endure and take into thought when constructing the Empire State Building. In conclusion, the builders of the Empire State Building underwent many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	3
"The obstacles on allowing dirigibles to dock at the Empire State building were far to great, something that should have been obvious before construction started. One major reason, safety. Most dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium, and hydrogen is very flammable, and after the ""Hindenburg"" accident in Lakehurst, the idea was shot down. Another reason why it just didn't work was the wind current at the top of the Empire State building. Winds would have been to great for dirigibles to safely dock at the Empire State. There was already a law about Airships flying too low over urban areas. With a dirigible approaching the building would make it illegal. Thus ending the idea to proceed."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in an attempt to allow dirigibles to dock this included not being able to put a mooring mast at the top of the building in fear that because the dirigible was being held by a ""single cable"" it ""would add stress to the buildings frame."" @CAPS1 with the amount the dirigible @PERSON1 and the wind the buildings frame would not be strong enough and would have to be ""modified and strengthened."" Another obstacle in attempting to get the dirigibles to dock was the wind. The building was high up @CAPS1 the wind currents were volatile and ""constantly shifting"" in result the back of the dirigibles ""would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" @CAPS2 obstacle faced by the builders was that they were trying to build the mooring mast in an urban area with other buildings, close by the dirigible could be pierced and would also be dangerous for the pedestrians in the city."	3
"The builders of the empire state building could not dock dirigibles because of the building's structure, the winds pushing the dirigibles, and public safety. The structure could not handle the swaying dirigible becacse of the winds pushing the back side. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used Hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. this quote shows how dangerous it would be to put a large flammable dirigible over new york and the people in new york."	2
"Obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were some of the following. They needed an exact way of getting everything perfect for the job. The whole building process for this job was very complicating and needed the best expertese.In paragraph @NUM1, Al Smith's quote greatly backs up to my point. He says ""one set of engineers here in New York is trying to dope out a practical, workable arrangement and the Government people in Washington are figuring on some safe way of mooring airships to the mast"". It tells just how much people are working on this job.In conclusion, this was a complicated job. They weren't positive if the mast even be able to stay. They also werent positive if the fluids inside would be but a problem factor."	1
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced while trying to dock dirigibles. One obstacle was nature. At the top of the building, the winds constantly changing because violent air currents. This would make a ship swivel around dangerously. Even if it was tied in the back would move. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigibles were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of ship with swivel."" Another obstacle was safety. Foreign ships use hydrogen, and extremely flammable gas. In fields, they use lead weights to weight down. If an accident happened with either it would be extremely fatal. A flaming dirigible or a falling metal object  at extreme heights would cause serious injuries because the landing is above a highly populated city. ""Dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION1 use hydrogen... is highly flammable."" ""Could be weighted down by lead weights, but using these at the Empire State building, where they would be hanging high above pedestrians on the street."" A law forbids ships to fly in low urban areas so, if the moore worked it couldn't be used. These events led to the quiet dissaperance of the thought in the late 1930's."	3
"The Top of the Empire State Building would be more than ornamental, more than a spire or dome or a pyramid but there to add a desired few feet to the height of the building or to mask."	0
"When the idea of making a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building was thought of, builders did not realize the obstacles that would have to be passed. One obstacle was ""nature itself. The winds, on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This means that if a dirigible were to be tied up for loading and unloading, it could be moved around freely in the sky, making it dangerous for passengers to be on or around it. An example of the dangerous winds would be in 1930, the ""U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds. A concern for safety was that ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" If something wrong were to happen, there could be great consequences for the heavily populated downtown of @LOCATION2. A third and final obstacle that occurred was ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" Because of these obstacles, the idea to have dirigibles dock at the top of the Empire State Building seemed impossible, and was never accomplished."	4
"In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast, by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, had many obstacles of the construction of the Empire State Building in allowing dirigibles to dock there. The author states ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" That law was considered illegal for a ship to approach the area and to get tied up to the building. Another obstacle was the lack of landing area, it was a challenge to expand in New York City, causing it hard to land dirigibles. The greatest obstacle was nature itself, the weather would cause the dirigibles to swivel around the mooring mast. The author states, ""Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights... dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe."""	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One problem was attaching a mooring mast to the top of the building. Because of the height of the Empire State Building, they were unable to just drop the mast onto the roof for would have interfered with the buildings overall frame. In order to keep the mooring mast atop the roof, the architects spent thousands of dollars on modifying the framework of the building. Another obstacle for the docking of diribles was the preservation of the safety of the public below. Dirigibles were inflated with highly flammable hydrogen, creating the risk of a massive explosion over New York and endangering countless lives. Lastly, a very important obstacle for the builders was the danger of nature. Violent air currents filled the winds above and around the Empire State Building. Even if a dirigible were strung to the roof, the back of the ship would continue to swivel, causing even more danger to citizens below the building. Those were some obstacles that builders faced and prevented to making of a mooring mast to let dirigibles to dock at the Empire State Building."	4
When the Empire State building was built the workers were trying to find new ways to @CAPS1 the structure. They had sudently had found some problems with one being the top of the empire state building.      Workers had tryed to figure out hwo they were going to but a Dirigibles on top of the building so that they could be able to pick up people and to drop them off up there but there were different problems.	1
"In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was the lack of a suitable landing area. So Al Smith thought putting a mooring mast at the top of the building, would allow dirigibles to dock there several hours. It would allow the dirigibles to refuel or get serviced and let passengers on and off. Another obstacle would be how the dirigible would be moored. It would be held by a single cable tether, which would add stress to the frame of the building. The stress of the load and wind pressure would have to be transferred all the way to the foundation of the building, which was about eleven hundred feet below. Third obstacle would be using hydrogen or helium. If they used hydrogen it is highly flammable, and the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire. Those are some of the obstacles the builders had to face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	3
The building was big and beatful.	0
"One of the obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced was that the construction of the mooring mast would add stress to the building due to its height. The architects, however, were able to design a special type of stainless steel that would be illuminated from the inside and provide support. Another obstacle was that the dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium, and having such an airship with flammable gas nearby civilization was considered unreasonable. Thus, a law was passed that forbid the transportation of dirigibles close to the public. Nature was also against the architects, and so posed a safety hazard when high-speed winds attempted to @CAPS1 the dirigibles from the sky while being weighed down with lead weights. In the end, the mooring mast on the Empire State Building was never used due to these issues."	3
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced law against airships flying to low over urban areas This law made it illegal for ship to ever tie up to the building, fearing That The Wind would blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings in that area. That would harm the dirigible's shall Then another dirigible attempted a Publicity stunt, when it would tie up and deliver a bundle of newspaper to the Empire state building. The Idea of The mooring was shelved. They yet unsolved Problems of mooring air ships to a fixed Mast at Such a height made it desirable. The highest open observatory dock, intended for disembarking Passengers, has never been open to The Public."	2
"The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted explains the plans for adding a mast to the top of the Empire State Building that would have been able to anchor blimps to the top of it. This idea was very complex; however, architects of time (@DATE1's) believed that it was quite possible. What they didn't seem to realize was just how many problems and obstacles there were to get in the way of the mast's success. One minor set back was that the mast (and the blimp attached to it) would add great amounts of stress to the frame of the building. This problem was taken care of with little stress by simply modifying in strengthening the building's foundation and frame. The largest obstacle standing in the way of the mast's success was the heavy winds at the top of the building, which were ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". However, the absolute greatest issue that was faced was safety of the public. Most foreign blimps at the time were filled with highly flammable gas, which was ultimately why the mooring mast was never a success."	3
"During the @DATE1's technology and engineering wasn't quite as advanced. So it's safe to say builders of the Empire State Building had so obstacles. One of them were, how were they going to dock the dirigible safely and keep them stable, they had know idea. They did have the knowledge or technology to do such a thing back then."	1
There seemed to be many problems erupting during the making of the dirigibles dock. For one the Empire State building natural structure can't handle its weight. Therefor architects had to make a stainless steel tower. Even after this was made they realized how flamable helium and hydrogen are. Not only that the airwaves at the top of that building are extremely violent. The idea was eventually forgotten about due to the possible accidents that could happen.	2
The obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in atempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The bigest obstacle is to their expanded use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. Al Smith saw an opportunity for his empire state building. One set of engineers and the government people in washington are figuring on some safe way of moooring airships to this mast. The greatest obstacle itself was mother nature. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to vilant air currents. These are some of the many obsticles of the Empire State building faced wile atempting to alow dirigibles to dock there.	2
"In ""The Mooring Mask"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, In order to allow dirigibles to dock there, the builders of the Empire State Building had to face obstacles. First, ""the lack of a suitable landing area"". They had to make room for the huge dirigibles to land. Second, ""add stress to the building's frame."" They had to make the structure of the building stronger so it wouldnt break. Lastly, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting"" if they were going to be able to make this work they needed to find a way to calm the wind by the tower. Hence, In ""The Mooring Mask"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, in order to allow dirigibles to dock there, the builders of the Empire State Building had to face obstacles."	3
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring @CAPS1"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted their were obstactes the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their. One obstacle was the terrible winds. In the excerpt it states how bad the winds are. One dirigible was going to try to dock there was the U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles couldn't get close enough because of the very strong winds. The Captain feared the wind would blow the dirigible into a sharp spire on one of the buildings in the area and puncture the dirigible's shell. Another reason was their was already a law that stated against airships flying to low over urban areas. This made it illegal for any dirigible to tie up to the building or even approach it. The last and final obstacle they faced was the fear of crashing. Since most blimps from out of the country used hydrogen rather than helium it was dangerous because hydrogen is very flammable. They heard about the blimp fire in New Jersey they realize how much worse an accident like that would be on such a densely populated area like downtown New York City. And that is the obsacles the builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The huge wind gusts. The Law. And don't forget what happens of the dirigible crashes in the area of New York City."	4
"There are many obstacles faced because of letting the dirigibles dock at the Empire State Building. First, ""the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" This means that the winds ontop of the building were strong and will cause the dirigible will swivel around the mooring mast, if tethered. Also, ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the areas."" This shows that it was a waist of time thinking ships could moor at the State Building because there is a clear law against it. There still are many obstacles you have to over come for any project."	3
"In the excerpt the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. The reason why the builders faced obstacles was because ""architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof."" An example is ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" The stress of the dirigible moor would make the buildings frame bend and become weak. That is just one obstacle that the builders faced, but there is many more."	1
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"", builders of the Empire State Building face obstacles in attempting to allow dirigible's to dock there. The main obstacle was the lack of a suitable landing area. Dirigibles need a large area to land. Al Smith said to add a mooring mast to the top of the building and that would allowed a dirigible to land for several hours. During the time of land the dirigible may get ""refueling or service, and to let passengers on and off."" Passengers could get off and on the dirigible safely by walking down a gangplank to the open platform. Architects had trouble putting a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State Building's flat roof because they were afraid that the load of the dirigible and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted. Dirigibles had trouble with saftly, most of dirigibles use hydroge instead of helium, but hydrogen was highly flammable. The greatest obstacle of mooring mast was nature itself, wind were high due to violent air currents, and it would not be safe for dirigibles. The practical reason why dirigibles weren't allow to moor at @ORGANIZATION2 was law agaist airship flying too low. The idea of dirigible was given away to airplanes. The obstacles the builders of @ORGANIZATION3 faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was solved."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their. An obstacle dealt with if the dirigibles were fit to dock in the Empire State Building. Another obstacle dealt with the mast. These obstacles made this construction a failure such as the author who says, ""The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed"" in @CAPS1 thirteen.First of, @CAPS1 five states the dirigibles were actually enormous steel-framed balloons, with envelopes of cotton fabric filled with hydrogen and helium to make some lighter in the air."" @CAPS1 six states that, ""Some were as long as one thousand feet."" @CAPS2 how may a blimp of that size ever managed to land on the Empire State Building. Also @CAPS1 nine says ""A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" This @CAPS1 also states that ""The stress the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below.""These were just a few of the obstacles the builders had to face. The fate of the mast such as in @CAPS1 @NUM1 says ""was neither practical nor safe."" The architects were blind to the potential problems of the mast. In the end the mast was a great attempt, but indeed a failure."	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was getting the mooring mast on top of the building. ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof. A thousand foot dirigible mounted at the top of the building... would add stress to the building's frame."" The architects solve this problem by modifying the building's framework. Another problem was wind. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" @CAPS1 there was one wire connected to the front, the dirigible would go round and round due to the back being exposed to the winds. This problem was never fixed. The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles and while some were overcome, the rest weren't, resulting in the ultimate failure of the mooring mast."	3
"In the excerpt The Mooring Mast, written by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems with their ideas. The builders thought they would be able to make a successful landing dock for dirigibles. Everything they did was all planned right but when it came time to test it, it didn't work. There were quit a few problems with there idea of using the Empire State Building is a landing dock for dirigibles.One reason that this one not successful was because the dirigibles wern't able to get close enough to attach the building In order for the dirigible to be ankered would be for a rope to be tied to some thing. But the balloons wern't able to get to close to the building because the point at the top of the building was making it too hard. If it got to close to the point, it could puncture the balloon which would not be could because the gas that holds it up would come out and the balloon would fall. There is one more major reason they're plan did not work.The other major reason would be because of the wind. the wind would get so wild the back of the blimp would sway back and forth, making it dangerous for passengers. They wouldn't be able to weigh it down with weights would be dangerous for the pedestrians down in the city @CAPS1 of the major reasons why the plan to dock dirigibles at the empire state building would not work."	3
"The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in building a mooring mast for airships to dock at the top building. The stress and preasure of a thousand foot dirigible docked at the top of the building was too great for the buildings original frame work to support, so they had to reinforce and strengthen the framework and base so the preasure would be transmitted to the buildings foundation. Another obstacle was most dirigibles from outside the @LOCATION2 were filled with hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen was much more flamible and the hydrogen dirigibles like the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed in fire and they didn't want that to happen over New york's population. The final obstacle was the violent and shifting air currents over the building. Even if the front of the dirigible or ""mast"" was tied to the mooring mast the back would swivel around the mooring mast. The many unseen obstacles of the mooring mast made it in unpracticle docking point for dirigibles. In the 1930s after airplanes, and dirigibles had disappeared the ticketing & bagging rooms were turned into tourist and site seers areas."	3
"The builders of the empire state building attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there was a fuetle effort. The tried a numerous amount of different ways to approach this idea. There were a few different theorie's on what would be best, and how to develope the Mooring Mast by Al Smith and John Tauranac. Each man had a different thought on how the whole structure would turn out. The architects designed a new glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that ranged from the bottom to the top of the empire state Building. This structure helped support the mooring are, where the dirigibles were docked. But the fate of the Mast was not to bright. ""The Mooring Mast of the Empire state building was Never destined to fulfill its purpose, for reasons that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed."" This statement is utterly true. And shows the work of the architects was never fully planned and over looked for the Mast to be durable."	1
"Many obstacles were faced by the builders of the Empire State Building as stated in the article ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2. These obstacles included safety and availability. The idea of being able to dock a dirigible to a building in the middle of a densely populated city such as New York was extremely unsafe between the explosive tendencies of Hydrogen and the unmanageable winds. With the winds the dirigible would continuesly move around the mast creating an extremely unsafe environment for all. Availability would also be put into question, in paragraph fifteen @ORGANIZATION2 tells about the U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles @CAPS1 to dock due to the unavailable route of save entirence. This unavailability made traveling to the mooring mast almost impossible. The obstacles in the mooring mast include availability and safety."	3
"In the excerpt, The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2, the was obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow derigibles to dock there. One obsacle was that dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium. This was a problem because as it says in paragraph @NUM1, line four, ""hydrogen is highly flammable."" The geatest obstacle for builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigible to dock was nature itself. Nature itself would be an obstacle because ""dirigibles moored in open fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weighths, but using the at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe."" This were some of the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow derigibles to dock there."	3
"Based on the article ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced to allow dirigibles to dock there were, the strong wind currents, the fact that dirigibles were very flammable, and that they were very large and hard to keep still. In paragraph @NUM1 it states that the use of hydrogen rather than helium should have stopped the project. Also in paragraph @NUM2 it states that the biggest obstacle was nature itself. For the reasons above those are some of the obstacles builders faced in attempting to have dirigibles dock there."	2
"The dirigibles faced some problems when they tried to dock them. The frist reason would be that flying an airship that low over a urban area is against the law. Even though it is against the law they tried it anyways and faced more problems, such as, the winds. The one time that they tried they couldn't dock it because the winds are too strong."	2
"And the builders of the Empire State building faced numerous challenges in order to add the mast to the building. They needed to consult with experts and learn all they could about how dirigibles themselves worked. It took engineers in New York and government workers all the way in Washington to piece together a plan on how to make it work. Just adding the mast would never work. Keeping it tethered by one cable would add a ton of stress to the framework, so all of the steel frame needed to be strengthened. Making the mast appealing to look at to took resources. Ultimately though, all the plans fell through. Nature had been the biggest problem. When currents are violent up in the air around the mast, which would cause the blimp the swing around dangerously. Had a ship crashed, hundreds of people in the urban New York would be crushed. The project had to be scrapped, with the mast becoming a purely decorative addition."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in order to try to @CAPS1 dirgibles there. One of the challenges they faced was how to make sure the building wouldn't collapse if the docked a @NUM1 foot dirgigible on the top. They had to make about @NUM2 dollars worth of changes to the building's frame to be able to @CAPS1 a @CAPS2. Another obstacle they faced was how to @CAPS1 dirigible at the top of the building without endangering the densiley populated area of down town New York. ""Most dirgibles outside of the united states used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"". The builder faced many obstacles by trying to beable to @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 but was impossible from the @CAPS3."	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. When it says in the passage, ""could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof,"" this means that the architects would have to modify and strengthen the building for a ""thousand-foot dirigible"" to land there. Over @MONEY1 of changes had to be made for this. Safety was another problem. Dirigibles from other countries used hydrogen instead of helium. Because hydrogen is highly flammable, downtown New York could have been destroyed by a large fire if a dirigible caught fire there. Nature itself was also a problem. ""Winds on top of the building were constantly shifting."" This would cause the dirigible to swivel around, which would be dangerous. The architects came in contact with many problems."	3
"Many things went wrong while trying to allow dirigibles to dock ontop of the Empire State Building. First, allowing this dirigible to dock on top of the Empire State Building ""would add stress to the buildings frame"". -@CAPS1 @NUM1. These Dirigibles are highly flamable and over a very populated place like New York City could be very dangerous. The winds at the top of the building were ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast.""-@CAPS2 @NUM2. If lead weights were used they could fall from dirigible and kill civilians. The biggest obstacle was that a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This seemed to be a good idea on paper but when actually attempted it was too unrealistic."	3
"The plan to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building encountered problems from its introduction until its conclusion. The first problem was the original design of the building. The original design did not include a dirigible docking station. When plans for the station were introduced, the building was not strong enough to carry the heavy load of a spire and a dirigible. To adjust, an additional @MONEY1 were spent in order to ensure the building would be structurally sound during a dirigible docking. The next problem became imminent after the Hindenburg's fire: any hydrogen-filled dirigible that caught fire at the Empire State Building which cause significant damage. Moreover, because many dirigibles used hydrogen, the safety risk was significant. Wind proved to be another obstacle. The force of a dirigible being blown around by heavy winds could prove to be too much for the structure of the building. Moreover, because any dirigible docking at the building would be one thousand feet off the ground, there was no way to anchor the dirigibles. The fact that many tall spires lined the @LOCATION1 skyline presented an imminent danger to any dirigible trying to dock. Finally, one of the most significant problems of building a dirigible docking station was the fact that law prohibited low flying aircraft in urban areas."	4
"In the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast,"" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders faced many problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One main problem was that, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This could be a serious problem if the dirigible burst into flames and fire rained down on, ""a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" Another obstacle to the creation of the mooring mast was the wind, which, ""were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The dirigibles would have to be, ""weighted down with lead weights... where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street."" This would be, ""neither practical nor safe."" because the weights could fall and kill people. The final obstacle for building a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building, ""was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" The builders of the mooring mast faced many problems, ""that should have been apparent before it was ever constructed."""	4
"The obstacles builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire were saefty, nature, and U.S law. Saefty was a major obstacle because, ""Most dirigibles from outside the United states used hydrogen rather than helium and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (@CAPS1 @NUM1 lin @NUM2). Nature itself was another obstacle faced in allowing dirigibles to dock at the empire state building. ""The Winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (@CAPS1 @NUM3 line @NUM4). One final obstacle that would hault the docking of dirigibles at the Empire State building was U.S law. The law was agaist airships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illeagle for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approch the area"" (@CAPS1 @NUM5 line @NUM6)."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building obstacles can be described in the following ways. First of all, the main obstacle was the nature of the mast. They described it as, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (paragraph @NUM1). Secondly, the dirigibles would dangle on top of the building, which wasn't safe for pedestrians. Lastly, there was a law for airships that couldn't fly too low or too high. The above explains the obstacles of the Empire State Building for dirigibles."	2
"The builders faced many obstacles when trying to build the empire state building. First of all for it to be a @NUM1 ft building it would have to have a very strong base to support it and they had to reinforce the base too to be able to mount the mooring mast on top. They also faced issues with the strong air currents that flowed above New York. None of the dirigibles were able to dock because of the high current. The mooring mast also placed stress on the frame. ""A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame."" this proves proves how much difficulty the builders were going to have with the construction of the Empire state building."	3
"The empire State building builders faced a couple of Problems of docking dirigibles to the mooring mast. Some, I don't even know, @CAPS5 I'll just buildup from here & @CAPS1 what @NUM1. The dirigible. Now I never learned about the @CAPS2 of a zeppelin, but I do know one thing. Do @CAPS7 get out from the front, or sides? I @NUM2. The mast itself. This thing was a failure from the @CAPS3. (don't question why I chose Something else for one of the multi-@CAPS4 questions). The reason why is that @CAPS5 many things could go wrong. This thing can @ORGANIZATION1, & @CAPS6 fall off unless @CAPS7 do something really special for forging a building this high.Overall, it's been a long while, anyways these problems, & Several others that I forgot to mention for obvious reasons are @CAPS6 the reason why we don't use  zeppelins as much anymore..."	1
"The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there @CAPS1 was the actual design of the mooring and modifications that would have to be made to the building. Due to the stress of the wind pressure and the load of the dirigible, structure of the building had to be made stronger. The mast would also have to withstand holding down the dirigible just one cable tether, which would put a lot of stress on the mast and building. Another issue faced by the builders was the fact that dirigibles from outside the United States most the used hydrogen, not helium, in the balloon, which made it more flammable and dangerous. If one ever caught on fire above New York City, it would be disastrous. Finally, there was already a law in place that airships could not fly to low over urban areas. This law made it so that it was illegal for a ship to ever tie up to, or even approach the Empire State Building. In conclusion, the obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building faced many challenges, most too great to overcome. When it came to trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the spire of the building."	4
"The expectation for dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building was very high. The men who built the massive structure should've realized that these expectations were urealistic. Al Smith had planned for dirigibles to refuel and to drop off/pick up passengers while docked at the @ORGANIZATION1. These plans would never manifest because; for in dirigibles were powered by hydrogen and it is highly flammable which could result in disaster, the winds atop the Empire State Building were much too strong, and there was a law permitting aircraft's from flying so low over urban areas.In one incident in Lakehurst, New Jersey the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire. The owners of the @ORGANIZATION1 saw ""How much worse that accident could have been [in New York City]. ""The greatest obstacle to use of the mooring mass was nature itself"" because the wind was so strong. Dirigibles couldn't even get close enough to dock. The law on the altitude of airships wouldn't allow dirigibles to even get close to the @ORGANIZATION1. The plans for the Empire State Building were never realistic and could never be fullfilled."	3
"While designing and building the mooring mast atop the Empire State building, the engineers seem to have ignored some seemingly useful information. As with any vehicle in the air or at sea, wind is either your enemy, or your friend. The engineers should have taken into greater consideration that changing wind speeds and direction 1,250 feet in the air are huge threats. Your dirigible will have a hard time getting close enough to the mast to moor, never mind to stay steady enough for passengers to exit, and board safely. Also if the law itsself prevented you from floating your blimp at such low altitudes, then its game over. Why even bother if its illegal? Although it seems like a futuristic sci-fi, and not to mention downright cool way to land a blimp, to many things prevented the idea from prevailing."	2
"There were many obstacles the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Dirigibles were docked by means of an electric winch, The greatest obstacle of the mooring mast was nature. The winds on top of the building were shifting because of violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast. Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, was neither practical nor safe. The one obstacle to their use in New York City was the lack of a suitable landing area. A morning mast added to the top of the building would allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers off and on."	2
"Problems the builders of the Empire State Building cam across were some tricky, life threatening ones. The first being as mentioned in paragraph @NUM1. When it explains that if a dirigible was to try and dock and something went wrong and it caught on fire, their would be serious damage done to the people below on the streets. Another obstacle the builders had to deal with was the ""greatest obstacle"" in paragraph @NUM2. the fact that the wind a top of the tower would be whipping the dirigible around with just a cable holding it to the mooring mast. Not making it safe for anyone around the building or in the blimp. One other reason the builders had to figure out when building the mast, was that no airships flying low could enter the area as mentioned in paragraph @NUM3. Those are some of the problems the builders had to face if they wished to dock dirigibles on the building."	3
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The thousand foot dirigible on top the Empire state building could add stress to the building's frame. The stress from the Dirigible was way too much to carry, and the frame of the building would have to have been modified and strengthened to be able to hold the dirigible. There were many risks taken by landing a dirigible atop the empire state building."	2
"Al Smith and the engineers faced many obsticles attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. One obsticle that they faced was that most of the dirigibles used hydrogen, hydrogen is a very flammable chemical, this could have led to the Empire State Building burning down and killing millions. Another obsticle they faced was mother nature, In a height like 1,250 ft, theire are incredible winds blowing, and someone even unexpected, they can blow the dirigible into the building, causing it to be fatal. Findly, the law prohibites the dirigible to be ""flying too low over urban areas."" therefore doing this would be illegal. the building faced many obstacle, it got through most of them, but in the end it would be extremly unsafe to go on with mast."	3
"The builders - designers of the empire state building faced many obsticles in allowing dirigibles to dock at the top. The first, and most apparent one was the frame of the building. The article says, ""the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on the top of the @ORGANIZATION1 flat roof"" (@NUM1). The thousand foot tower would add extra strain on the building's frame. Next was the question of safety. Most international dirigibles were filled with hydrogen, a very dangerous gas, and if set on fire will make a huge explosion, as an example with the German dirigible the Hindenburg. If that same accident took place over New York City, many pedestrians would be hurt or killed. Also, the wind played a huge obsticle. The winds ""were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (@NUM2) and therefore the back of the ship would ""swivel around and around the mooring mast"" which would be extremly unsafe. Lastly, and most simply, the law didn't allow for an airship to fly that low over urban areas. All of these obsticles put together caused the idea of using the building as a docking tower to fail."	4
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. One of those obstacles was that there was a lack of suitable landing area in New York City. Another obstacle was that the architects couldn't drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. A dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. However, the greatest obstacle was nature. Wind on top of the building shift constantly caused by violent air currents. The back of the ship with swivel around the mooring mast while it was tethered."	2
"During the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock on top of the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obstacles. Often times something is predicted to work out a whole lot easier than it actually does, which is exactly what happened in this situation. As stated in the excerpt ""the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below. The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation."" For the builders, this was quite a project and took an extreme amount of time and effort. Also, the builders eventually realized that there were huge safety issues with this new design. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. This was a huge obstacle that stood in the way of their plan. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" Shifting winds due to violent air currents were also a huge issue. All of these things contributed to the mooring mast not ever becoming successful."	3
"The builder's of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the mast. For example, when the builder's decided to construct the mast they knew that it could not just be placed on the roof. It had to be somehow attatched to the foundation of the building because the dirigible, ""would add stress to the building's frame."" Also, after the Hindenburg disaster the builders realized that the hydrogen inside the dirigible ""is highly flammable."" If a dirigible were to explode over New York City it would not only kill the people in the dirigible, but on the ground as well. Finally, the biggest obstacle of the mooring mast ""was nature itself."" The wind at the top of the building are very strong and would have swiveled around the mast. The many obstacles faced by the builders of the Empire State Building never allowed any dirigibles to land there."	3
"The builders had to face many obstacles in attempting to allow dirgibles to dock at the empire state building but there were a couple main ones. The first main obstacle was that a thousand - foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame. So with that they could not put the mooring mast on top of the building yet until they did some major adjustments. With that big problem the builders next obstacle was to design and build a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless stell tower that would be illuminated from inside, with a stepped back design that imitated the overall shape of the building itself. The last little obstacle the builders had to face was that the mast also had a skeleton of steel and was clad in stainless steel with glass windows that had to be built and put up. Those were some of the obstacles the builders had to face while trying to put a mooring mast on to of the Empire State building."	2
"In theory, the idea of creating a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State building was a great idea. However in reality, it didn't turn out so well. There are many reasons why a dirgible could not be docked to the Empire State Building. For example: ""Most dirgibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen instead of Helium"" (paragraph @NUM1) This was dangerous because hydrogen is extremely flammable, and if for some reason an accident occurred, it could be catastrophic over a densely populated city like New York. Possibly the most dangerous obstacle was the climate around the Empire State Building. There is a constant powerful wind that shifts a lot due to all the different air currents the building creates. If a dirigible docked there, it would be blowing all over the place, if it could even dock at all. Most dirigibles that were moored in open fields were weighted down with lead weights in the back, but this would be too dangerous to try over a city teeming with people. Lastly, there ""was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas... this would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" (paragraph @NUM2)."	4
"In the excerpt from ""The Mooring Mast"", by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the author describes many challenges the architects faced while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The architects had new challenges that would almost seem impossible to prevent at times. The height of the building, the weight of the dirigible against the building, and the fact that dirigibles are highly flammable, adds to the many obstacles the architects were faced with. The height of the building was a major problem for the architects. It was very difficult for pilots to safely maneuver around buildings, especially in a city with many buildings. The unpredictable winds meant the dirigibles could be blown into a building at any point. There was even a law against it that ""would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"" (para @NUM1). Another problem the architects encountered was the high flammability of the dirigibles. The dirigibles made in most other countries were made with hydrogen rather than helium. After another dirigible caught on fire people realized how much worse ""that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York"" (para @NUM2). The biggest problem of all was the weight of the dirigibles on the massive height of the building. The architects saw that, ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings' foundation"" (para @NUM3). They knew this was very unsafe for the passangers unloading and for the people in the building. Overall, the problems and challenges the architects faced were too strong for them to overcome."	3
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For example, one of the obstacles they faced were that ""most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This is significant because it would be dangerous for foreign dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, especially in a densely populated area such as downtown New York. Another obstacle they faced was nature. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due violent air currents."" This suggests that a dirigible would swivel around and around and they could be weighted down with lead weights, using these at the Empire State Building, high above pedestrians on the street, would be impractical and unsafe. Next, there was also ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" This is important because it is another obstacle that would ultimately make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. Also, ""in December 1930, the U.S Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds."" This shows that another obstacle they may have faced was losing confidence and directly observing that their plan would not work. The various obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there show that it would have been a difficult task to complete."	4
"The builders of the mooring mast plan the construction well, but did not consider the potential risks of the mast. One reason that the mast's fate was sealed was because of safety issues. Most dirigibles, or blimps, used hydrogen rather than helium. If one of these blimps were to fall from the sky, many people below would be killed. New York has many people that walk everywhere. The builders also needed to considered the violent winds at such a high altitude. These winds could blow the dirigibles around, making it difficult to keep them in one spot for passengers to board, and to refuel. The winds are constantly shifting. They could blow the blimps onto the spires on the Empire State Building, causing them to burst and fall to the ground below. Unfortunately, there is a law that prevents airships from flying too low over urban areas. ""This would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area"". I think that Al Smith was more focused on keeping his height record, more than the potential dangers of the mast."	3
Some obstacles were that there was many sharp rods on surrounding buildings and so if it touched one it could pop. Another is if the wind is blowing it was hard/unsafe for the dirigibles to be tied to the building.	2
"Durining the @DATE1 and the 1930s, there was a fierce competition arising over constructing the largest building. To set the Empire State Building apart from the @ORGANIZATION1 decided to put a mooring mask for dirigibles. This would have both meaning and make the Empire State Building the worlds largest building. The mooring mask was certin to fail for a few reasons. For one, forign dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium. Hydrogen is very flamable and would cause a huge fire @CAPS1. Another reason is above the Empire State Building there are strong winds and currents that are constantely shifting. This would make it very difficult to control the dirigible. Pilots unable to control the dirigible would have great difficulty @CAPS2 their dirigible. Lastly the mooring dock failed because of the law. This law stated that it is illegal to fly air ships to low over urban areas. On 1931 @CAPS3 Clavan @CAPS4 the @CAPS5 of the mooring mask. By the late 1930's the Idea was dead."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was the fact that dirigibles contain highly flammable gases. If the blimp was docked over a large city like New York City, it would be very dangerous if a blimp did catch on fire. Another obstacle was that the docking system would not work as well as planned, nor would it be safe. These airships are at the mercy of the winds and weather. In normal cases of docking dirigibles on open landing fields, they are weighted down on the front and back. If the blimps were to stay in place on the Empire State Building, they would need to have a weight on the back as well as the front, which would end up dangling over the city. Without the weight on the back, the blimp would spin around the mooring mast. Finally, the height at which the dirigibles would have to be would not be safe. If the blimp were to the blown by the wind, the blimp would crash into the pointy tops of nearby buildings. These are the obstacles the builders faced when trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building."	3
"Some obstacles that the Empire State builders had to face when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were that a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, added stress to the building's frame. The steel frame of the empire state Building had to be modified and strengthened to accomodate it with the new situation, which the cost was going to be over sixty thousand dollars. Another obstacle to allow dirigibles was the mast; an obstacle of the mast was nature itself. The winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. When the dirigibles were going to land the back of the ship was going to swivel around the mase causing it to not be safe."	3
There were many obstacles that the workers had to overcome to succeed in the process of the mast. They had to figure out how they were going to land the big aircraft on the small framed building. Also the workers needed to figure out a way to safely get the passengers on and off the aircraft while the tail was whipping around in the air. They needed to talk and consult with the U.S. Naval Air station because they were leaders in research of the dirigibles. Another obstacle the workers had to overcome was the law against low flying aircraft in @ORGANIZATION3. So those are some obstacles that the constructors of the mast had to overcome to build the mast upon the Empire State building in @LOCATION1	2
"From what seemed to be a very possible way to make the Empire State Building famous to relizing how hard it was going to be the builders of the Empire State Building faced several obsticals in allowing dirigibles to dock. These problems included added Stress to the buildings frame. Therefore the foundation would have to be motified and Strengthened to accomodate this added stress."" Not only did the builders have to worry about structural but the winds. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violet air currents"" After all of the obsticlas the builders finally realized that this ""dream"" was impossible to overcome"	2
"In the excerpt, ' The Mooring Mast' I Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the constructors of the empire state building faced many obstacles while trying to create a docking place on such a tall building. Obstacles a law against airships flying to low and nature itself made it hard to create such a place in paragraph @NUM1, it says ' The other practical Reason why dirigibles could not more at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas."" There was alReady a strong argument on building the mast but Al Smith ignored it. This law made it illigal for ship to ever tie up to the building. In paragraph @NUM2, the author tells why nature was a problem she says ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" Already the @CAPS1 is showing signs of the danger ahead if they pursued the idea any farther. Drigibles moored in open landing fields and could be weighed down by lead weights. However, using these in the Empire State Building where they would be dangling in the air wasn't practical nor safe. All those Reasons contribute to the Reason why docking wasn't allowed."	3
"When building the mooring mast of the Empire State Building, architects faced many obstacles, such as spontaneous combustion, nature, and airship related laws. The first issue faced by builders was spontaneous combustion. Due to the accidental fire on the Hindenburg, the owners of the Empire State building realized that if a dirigible lit up on their building, the results would be even worse, for debris would fall on the busy New York streets. A second issue builders faced was mother nature herself. Because of violent air currents, the winds above the building were constantly changing. Is would mean that even if docked and tethered, the back of the ship would still spin. Normally, lead weights held down dirigibles in fields, but over New York City would be dangerous for they could snap off and fall to the pedestrians below. Finally, there were laws set in place regulating airship flight that held back construction. These laws set a limit on heights above urban areas, making a dock to the Empire State building, or even just approaching it, illegal. Builders of the mast on the Empire State building faced many obstacles during construction, such as fires, nature, and the law."	3
"Obstacles builders faced in constructing the Empire State Building to allow the attempt of a dirigible to dock were blind. The tuge and pull of the unforecast wind made the dock dangers for passangers and the buildings foundation. However, making such attemps were eleagl for dirigibles to fly over urban areas, incase of failer. Spires as well made the drop impossible for them to approach also in case of puncher. Spending sixty thousand on modification to moor mast on the @ORGANIZATION2 for the safe dock of dirigibles. The idea was lost to the creation of the mordern new airplane."	3
"The obstacles the builder of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was dificult. The builder met with experts to better understand the way the dirigibles work. He also was told that architects couldn't put a mooring mast on top because of the buildings flat roof. Paragraph nine States a thousand-foot dirigible- held by a single cable tether would add stress to the buildings frame."" The stress would then be passed all the way down to the buildings foundation, nearly eleven hundred feet below. The builder put over sixty thousand dollars' worth of changes into the building. After all that time and money he was told that the plan would have to fall through. The dirigibles greatest obstacle was the wind, if it moved in the air that could be a problem. Although this plan didnt work, its still 1,250 ft and taller than the Chrysler building."	3
"In the excerpt from @ORGANIZATION2's The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there. For example, ""the lack of a suitable landing area."" Architects cannot just drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's roof. The building would have had an extreme amount of pressure on it. In addition, along with the pressure, the dirigibles would ""add stress to the building's frame."" The builders needed to modify and strengthen the steel frame of the Empire State Building. This also cost a great deal of money. Furthermore, ""the greatest reason was safety."" The slightest mistake in building the mast, could affect every person in the building. In order to allow dirigibles to dock there, the builders needed to be aware of all the citizens surrounding the building. All in all, these obstacles determined the fate of the mast."	3
"Architects for the Empire State Building faced many problems trying install the landing gear on the mooring mast. There were many safety issues to get around landing a dirigible or blimp on the building. People in a populated area such as New York City, is not the safest place to land a blimp, ""when the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire on May 6, 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as dowtown New York."" They could not take this risk. So, the competion for landing gear was called off. Another main cause was the wind current on top of the Empire State Building. It proved very difficult to keep a blimp level at high altitudes, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" This could potentially result in the blimp detaching and hitting other buildings. This is why landing blimps on the Empire State building would be dangerous and difficult."	3
"This dream of the aviation pioneers was travel by dirigible was a dream that would be hard-to-reach. The architects and engineers that attempted to establish a mooring mast had high hopes, including meeting with the president. ""Held by a single cable tether"" would not be stable enough to mount the dirigible because the building frame would be stress to too much. What if they were to do this, the Empire State Building have to be modified and strengthened to adapt to the new placement of the dirigible. But instead the architects assigned a ""shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower"" and then designed the mooring mast. However, before the mooring mast could be complete, the roof had to be completed before the mooring mast could fit in its position most of portly the main problem with the mooring mast was nature. Nature could easily mess up the mooring mast, due to winds, which would cause the shifting of the dirigible. Also due to a ""law against airships flying too low"" the dirigible would break that law as well. The whole attempt to make a mooring mast slowly deteriorated because of all the obstacles."	4
"Based on the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle being the safety of the people below on the streets. In the excerpt in paragraph @NUM1 it clearly states that it was dangerous because of the dirigible caught fire it would be ""Much worse if it had taken place above a densely populated area."" Another obstacle would be that there is a law that is stated in paragraph @NUM2 that says that there is ""An existing law against air ships flying too low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. The greatest obstacle though was nature itself as stated in paragraph @NUM3. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" @CAPS1 the wind would make the dirigible swivel around and around the mooring mast. An idea came into plan that said ""Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights,"" @CAPS1 why not at the Empire State Building? Safety is the reason because the weight on the building would be dangling above people on the street which would be unsafe. Then flyers who approached the building would fear that the wind would blow the dirigible on to the sharp spires of other buildings in the area which would be unsafe."	4
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"", by @ORGANIZATION1, the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles in attempting to allow Dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was when al Smith realized that he was close to Not winning the world's tallest building. It talks about it in paragraph @NUM1. Then he annonced that the building would reach 1,250 feet. That's an obstacle because without the building he cant make the dirigible, and he always wanted compitition so his building had to be the winning one and he had to build the dirigible."	0
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Such as there was a law preventing airships to fly too low over urban areas. Also they could not ancor down the back of the blimp, and due to the shifting winds that high it would not be safe for passangers to get on and off. The building also had to be rebuilt to be able to come close to staying stable with the dirigible attached. And last was the differences In gases used to keep the blimps afloat. most dirigibles from outside of the @LOCATION1 used hydrogen rather than helium. hydrogen is highly flamable making in very unsafe. These are some of the obstacles builders of the Empire State Building faced to allow dirigibles to dock there."	3
"The builders and architects faced several different obstacles & dilemnas that intefered with the construction of the Empire State Building. One of them being the funds necessary in order to produce such a large structure. They found themselves constructing and reconstructing the frame of the structure time and time again, all in a feeble attempt to reach the desired perfection. Another obstacle occurred when their entire concept shattered by the fact that not every dirigible intended to land on the mast was fueled by helium. The text reads, ""Most digribles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (@CAPS1 @NUM1). This displays the severity of the idea, where risks like that just could not be taken, so they abandoned the idea of the mooring mast."	1
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many promblems when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Most of there problem they encountered when designing the mast. They found that they could not just drop a mooring mast on top of the building at a thousand feet. The building was not strong enough, so they had to strengthen the building with a new steel frame. Then the builders also faced safety issues. At a thousand feet the air currents were extremely violant. By the end of the construction it was quickly noticed that dirigibles could not land on the Empire State Building."	3
"In the passage ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, she talked about the obstacles facest when trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. The three main obstacles was the safety, mother nature and existing laws. One of the greatest obstacle was because of safety. Lüsted states, ""... Never fulfilled its purpose... The greatest reason was one safety: Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" Because hydrogen is highly flammable there would be no way that would be safe. The building could catch of fire and be a danger for all. Secondly, nature itself would have an affect on the dirigibles. Lüsted states, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" The violent air currents couldnt allow dirigibles to be on the Empire State Building because you can't have dirigibles with violent air currents. It isnt safe. Lastly, laws was an obstacle the builders had to face: Lüsted's knowledge is, ""The other practical lesson why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" The law was a huge obstacle for the builders building the dirigibles. Because you can't build something with it being against the law. Because of safety, mother nature and laws, thats what stop the builders from building the dirigibles."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. They consulted with experts, taking tours equipment and mooring operations in New Jersey.The architects couldn't just drop the mooring mast on top of the building, if it did it would add stress to the building's frame. The Stress of the load and would have been transmitted all the way to the building's foundation. The steel frame would have to be modified and strengthened.The greatest obstacle  was nature. The winds on top of the building were constantly Shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would around and around the mooring mast. You could weigh it down but that would be dangling high above pedestrians on the Street, which was neither practical or safe.There was also a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. And When they tried delivering newspapers they noticed it wasn't going to work"	3
"The obstical's the builder's took on Were difficult, and time @CAPS1. In Way's Such as the onley benefit's the Empire State building relly passed Was being the tallest building in the world. They also attempted to @CAPS2 a dirigible's docking base for future transportation @CAPS3 filed to do @CAPS4 during certain law's and technicall difficulties. @CAPS4 obsticles such as adding extra body work to the building's structure was not even neccarasary.Those are the obsticle's the builder's faced and as well as @CAPS5 time and @CAPS6."	1
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was the law. There was ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" (¶ @NUM1). Although at first the builders looked past this, there were many other non-legal obstacles that they faced. There was also a safety issue with docking dirigibles, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (¶ @NUM2). One last obstacle the builders faced was the wind. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"" (¶ @NUM3). With all of these obstacles it would not only be improbable, but close to impossible to dock dirigibles on the mast of the Empire State Building."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle was that it was very dangerous to have a hydrogen (highly flammable) filled dirigible dock over one of the most densely populated areas at the time. They could not let the accident that had happened in Lakehurst, New Jersey happen in New York: ""..., The owners of the Empire State building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" The greatest obstacle was due to natural causes: ""The winds on top of the building were consular shifting due to violent air currents."" The dirigible would not be able to stay steady for docking or unloading. Other ideas to solve this problem like weights were, ""neither practical or safe."" The final obtacle was the law. ""The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"". As shown, It was simply impossible for dirigibles to dock at the Empire State building because of natural causes, danger, and the law itself."	4
"When building the Empire State Building, there was obstacles faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For example the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state building flat roof. A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building frame. So the architects have to motify it and stregthen the building. Spending over sixty thousand dollars on the new motification. The building will turn from @NUM1 floors to 102. From there dirigible passenger will board from there. In conclusion when building the Empire State Building there was obstacles faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	2
"The @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles. By allowing the dirigibles to dock there, They had to build @CAPS2 planfronts on the side of the building, which means that they would be putting there life's in danger. They also had to deal with the electrical  problems within and without the building. The @CAPS1 on the outsides of the building would have to deal with the strong wind currents. They also have to make sure that the electrical system was working properly. If there were to be a stark of any sort of Fire, the hydrogen and helium were extremely flameable, and if a wire were too short, it could like the whole dirigible aflame and it would blow up."	2
"The obstacles the builder of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, was noticing that the dirigibles would be unsafly dangling high above pedestrians on the Street. There were many risk when landing the huge dirigibles and also a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. This law made it illegal for a ship to even approach the area. Famous and important dirigibles had lots of trouble with their landing like for example on December 1930, the U.S Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mask but could not get close enough because of forceful winds. The dirigible could move uncontrolably and crash into the Sharp Spires on other buildings around it. In @CAPS1 of becoming the of transportation of the future, dirigibles had given way to airplanes."	3
"The builders of the Empire State building faced obstacles attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first big obstacle was designing the mast. Architects couldn't just drop a mooring mast on the top of the Empire State building; it had a flat roof. If a dirigible was moored it would add additional stress to the frame, and wind pressure would be a factor as well. The mooring mast was never destined to fulfill the purpose of landing dirigibles, because it isn't safe, nature (dirigible with swivel in back) it could possibly be weighed down by lead in back but that cant be hung above pedestrians on the street. A practical reason why they could not moor was a particular law already in place against air ships flying to low. Although, this had happened two dirigibles had attempted to moor there the first turned back due to bad weather conditions and the second one was as a publicity stunt had dropped off newspapers before the landing gear could be installed so they had to use a wire to recieve them. In result the idea was shelved."	3
"The builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles with allowing dirigibles to dock there. For one thing, they were mainly ""hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flamable"". A fire in one of these would be devastating being over an enormous city like New York. The wind currents would also make it impossible to dock there. ""The ship would swivel around the mooring mask"", and could even potentially puncture the frame. The whole idea was dangerous and risky. In fact, it would of been illegal for flying ""too low over urban areas"". Not only was it dangerous, but aganst the law too. Overall, these were the obstacles that workers faced, and the obstacles that won out in the long run."	3
"Obstacles such as nature, safety issues, and weight as well as length of the dirigible were obstacles that the builders of the Empire State building faced in trying to allow dirigibles to dock on it. They were very hopeful in the idea of having the Empire State building, ""equipped for an age of transportation that was then only the dream of aviation pioneers,"" until they saw the risks. First was nature itself, winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. This means that the dirigible, which was made to be, ""lighter than air,"" would swivel around the mooring mass. and have no weight support to keep it down. Sometimes, the winds might even prevent the dirigible to get close enough like in @DATE1 when a U.S. Navy dirigible named Los Angeles approached the mooring mass but couldn't get close enough. Another issue with safety. It was stated that outside of the U.S., most dirigibles use hydrogen instead of helium, which was used in the U.S. Hydrogen is highly flammable which is a very dangerous asset when there are millions of people down below. When the owners of the Empire State Building heard about the German dirigible the Hindenburg that was destroyed by fire, they imagined that situation over New York which was highly populated. Lastly was the size and weight of the dirigible itself. The dirigible (@NUM1 ft) held by single cable would add stress to the building's frame. In order to prevent this, they would have to modify the frame. These obstacles plus many more showed that that this idea was, ""destined to never fulfill its purpose."""	4
"Many obstacles occured for the builers of the Empire State building and allowing dirigibles to dock there. One of these obstacles was the mooring mast itself. The winds on top of the Empire State Building were constantly shifting and if the dirigible was tied to the mooring mass it would swivel around the mooring mast. Another obstacle the builders experienced during this process was the already existing law not allowing airships to fly too low over urban areas. Due to the fact that the Empire State building was in New York, an urban area, the dirigable idea would have most likely never worked. The dirigable was unable to fulfill its destiny and the obstacles the builders faced were the main reasons."	3
"The first main obsticale that the builders faced was the fact that blimps even though they have propellers and rudders are still at the mercy of the wind. And since the wind on top of the building was described as ""Constantly shifting due to violen air currents"" (¶ @NUM1) it would be impossible to keep the blimps stable while it was moored on the Empire state building. Just docking the blimp onto the building was an impossible feet, the only blimp that even tried to dock onto the Empire state building, the naval dirigible Los Angeles could not get close enough to the building to get the mooring lines on because they where ""Fearing that the wind would blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of the othe building in the area, which would puncture the dirigible's shell."" (¶ @NUM2) causing the dirigible to fall onto the city.The second main obsticale was the public safety aspect of trying to moore a dirigible on the Empire State building There were too many things that could go wrong. The blimp could explode like the Hindenburg, or could run into one of the spires on the surrounding buildings and plumet to the ground potentially killing or severely injuring hundreds of people. That is why trying to dock a dirigible on the Empire State building was an impractical idea."	4
"One obstacle that the builders faced was that havin dirigibles hanging over a heavy populated area was extremely dangerous, because May 6, 1937 the german's dirigible was destroyed by fire, another obstacle was that it was illegal to have blimps flying to low over heavy populaded areas. So Al Smith had to let go of that plan."	2
"The Empire state building was facing of with Chrysler building that was being constructed. Chrysler building had a trick up his sleeve by constructing 185 foot spire inside the building and the shocked the public. Bring it to a hieght of @DATE1 feet, 46 feet taller than the originally announced hieght of the Empire State building. Soon to be the tallest building. The empire state building was destined to neve fulfill it's purpose"	0
"Although the plans for the mooring mast were optimistic, there were many obstacles that kept that plan from becoming a reality. The first  reason why builders difficulty allowing dirigibles to dock was because of safety. The helium that filled the balloons was highly flammable. If one were to catch fire, it would be a danger to all of New York City. Secondly, the high winds made it unsafe for the dirigibles. Paragraph @NUM1 states, ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around..."". Lastly, the builders faced the obstacle of pre- existing laws when trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the mooring mast. An existing law stated that aircraft couldn't fly too low over urban areas. These three main obstacles were face by the builders of the Empire State Building. The mooring mast never became a reality because of these obstacles."	3
"Although there were great hopes for the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, many obstacles were faced while trying to reach this dream. One obstacle noticed while designing the mast to dock on, was that the height and weight of a dirigible would greatly add stress to the building's frame. This would then be transmitted to the building's foundation as well. This clearly possessed a problem bigger than the Empire State Building could withstand. Another reason that builders faced an obstruction in the hopes of allowing dirigibles to dock was safety reasons. One of the most apparent problems, was that most dirigibles outside of the @LOCATION2 were fueled by hydrogen gas, opposed to helium gas. This posed a threat, for hydrogen is highly flammable. Putting a densely populated area such as downtown New York at risk consequently came as an obstacle for builders. The nature itself came as one of the last problems for such a dream. Winds that were constantly shifting due to extreme air currents, at the top of the building could easily cause the back of the dirigible to spin around the mooring mast. Again putting thousands of people below the building, was neither practical nor safe."" As quoted by the passage, ""the mooring mast of the Empire State Building was never destined to fulfill its purpose..."", clearly posing many obstacles in allowing to dock dirigibles on such a building."	4
"In the excerpt The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon Lüsted the builders had obstacles they had to overcome in building the dock for the dirigibles. The builders had to think about how the mast would work. It said in paragraph nine ""the architects could not simply drop a morning mast on top of the @ORGANIZATION1 flat roof. A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the buildings frame"". The buiders had to modify the building. ""As it said in paragraph ten ""Rather than building a utilitarian mast with out any ornamentation, the architects designed a shinny glass and chrome-nickle stainless steel tower that would be illinated frome inside, with a stepped-back design that imitated the over all shape of the building itself."" The obstacles the builders overcame let them use the mast efectly."	1
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"", the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. For one just letting a thousand foot drigibles land on the top of a building was a huge obstacle.. By having the dirigible on the building held on by one cable tether was bad. So the builder had to work on the steel frame of the building so that the dirigible wouldn't add so much stress to the building. That was a huge obstacles the builders of the Empire State building had to face."	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their. The builders couldn't just let the dirigible land that the step of the Empire State building. It would put to much pressure on the building. According to paragraph @NUM1 it says ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. A thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" It would have cost sixty thousand dollars worth of modification had to be made to the framework. Another obstacle they feared was they noticed how much worse it would be if the dirigible caught on fire on top of the Empire State Building. It would destroy part of the population because it would be in downtown New York. In paragraph @NUM2 the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. It says even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using the State building, where they would dangle above pedestrians was not safe."	3
"Based on the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @PERSON1, the builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Nature itself was one of the greatest obstacles they faced. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" Also the ""Dirigibles moored in open landing fields, could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using those at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe. Another reason dirigibles could not dock there was because of the law against airships flying too low to urban areas. Overall, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	2
"The success of the mooring mast of the Empire State Building was prevented by many obstacles. Safety was one of the greatest reasons because ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen was flammable."" @CAPS1 starting in a densely populated city like New York could damage a lot of people. Nature also proved to be an obstacle because ""winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This would cause the dirigible to ""swivel around and around the mooring mast"" that was neither practical nor safe. It would also be difficult to control the dirigible once it is tied to the mast because of the violent motion that the dirigible is in. There was also an existing law ""against airships flying too low over urban areas"". This law made it illegal for any dirigible to even get near the mooring mast or tie to it. All of these obstacles were faced by the builders of the mooring mast, which eventually led to the disregarding of the idea of using the mooring mast for ships."	3
"The builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting to dock tere. Many foriegn dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium to keep it a float. Hydrogen is extremely flammable, and has proven to be. on @DATE1 a German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed in a fire caused from hydrogen, in New jersey. When the owners of the Empire State building the severity of this happening they were turned off.Nature if anything was the biggest obstacle of them all. Considering the building was so tall, ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent wind currents"". The law if anything was pretty important to get approved, and tere was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas. So it would make it illegal for the dirigible ships to ever tie up to the building or to even approach the area."	3
"Marcia @CAPS1's article ""The Mooring Mast"" explains the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock. Nobody involved realized the building wouldn't be sturdy enough to allow a thousand-foot dirigible to be docked there. This pressure, and the wind pressure, would be ""transmitted to the building's foundation."" The Steel frame would also need to be reinforced, costing over sixty thousand dollars. Several other problems arose due to pedestrian safety issues: most foreign dirigibles used highly-flammable hydrogen fuel instead of helium. Everyone involved in the project realized that should the hydrogen cause a fire, the many people living in downtown New York could lose there lives @CAPS2 the dirigible would be dangling 1,250 feet over crowded @CAPS3, endangering countless pedestrians. @CAPS2 there was a law banning airships from flying too low over urban areas, making it ""illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area."" Although the Empire State Building never got to fulfill it's purpose, it is an international landmark in the heart of New York."	3
"The architects didn't realize how many potential problems the mooring mast would bring until it had failed. The greatest reason why the dirigibles couldn't land was purely safety complications. Many dirigibles at the time used hydrogen rather than helium, which is highly flammable. Another main reason was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were very violent and could easily push a dirigible in the wrong direction. Before these problems, there was an already existing law against the flying of airships too low over urban areas. Dirigibles could not dock at the Empire State building because it was unsafe and illegal."	3
"The architects and builders faced large problems in the construction of the docking platform, even though they had not notice them at first. The builders did not notice any large problem untill after the dirigible Hindenburg crashed in Lakehurst. The building's owners became greatly concerned for the safety of the people inside and below the building if a blimp fell into the same situation as the Hindenburg."	1
"Derigibles, modernly called blimps were widely regarded in the @DATE1's as the latest and greatest form of transportation there was. These derigibles needed quick means of refueling and unloading passenger both eficiently and with safety. At the very time these derigibles became popular modern day skyscrapers such as the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building were dominating the skyline in New York City. Al Smith, a former governor of New York who was heading efforts to construct the Empire State Building came up with the idea of building a mooring mast on the top of his building which would help dirigibles dock, refuel and unload cargo quickly and efficiently. Although, at the time this idea was thought of as both ""practical"" and ""workable"" it was never put to use because of safety concerns found later by Architects. These safety concerns included fear of the ""constantly shifting"" winds ""due to violent air currents"" as well as air space restricting laws that prohibited ""airships from flying too low over urban areas."" Although this idea seemed revolutionary at the time, many obstacles stood in its path to glory."	3
"Based on the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION3 the builders of the Empire State Building faced several obstacles in an attempt to allow dirigibles, or blimps, to dock there. One reason that it was difficult to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State building was safety issues. According to Marcia Amidon Lüsted, ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" With New York City and its dense population that is a risk that cannot be taken. Another obstacle faced by the architects of the Empire State Building was nature itself. The start of paragraph @NUM1 states, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" With high winds the dirigible, even tethered to the mast, would swivel around the mooring mast. Another difficulty in docking the dirigibles was according to the excerpt in paragraph @NUM2, ""an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" Due to this law it would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. A final obstacle the builders faced was the advancement with airplanes and that made it difficult for dirigibles to be the prime source of aeronautical transportation. Even though the builders spent a lot of time and effort in making the Empire State Building a national @CAPS1, which it is, they neglected many potential problems with the mooring mast which led to it never accomplish its full potential."	4
"Base on the excerpt the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. They not going to do it because it might hit other building or fly into other self. ""Could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1 lines @NUM2). That mean it wasn't safe."	1
"Based on the excerpt, there were a few obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One reason was that ""most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" The owners of the Empire State building realized that if a dirigible was destroyed by fire over a density populated area like New York, there could have been a huge acadent One of the greatest obstacles however was nature itself. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" When the dirigibles would try to dock, they sometimes could not even get close to the building because of the strong winds By having the dirigibles hanging over pedestrians on the streets of New York, it was considered unpractical and unsafe. Due to mother nature and safety reasons, the builders of the Empire State building faced a few problems in allowing dirigibles to dock there"	3
"The builders faced several obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building. One of the biggest and hard obstacle to over come is saftey for everyone. The builders had to worry about the safty of the people coming in and out of the dirigible, the people on the near by streets and to the people in the side of the building. Saftey was one of the main reasons why the dock never was completed.Another huge obstacle that faced the builders was nature. This is true because winds at the top of the tall buildings were always changing and this would make it hard to land the dirigible on it. Like the excerpt states in paragraph @NUM1, Dirigibles were weighted down in the back by lead weights and this would cause a problem with pedestrians walking under in the streets."	2
"The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the building were lack of area, populated area, and hydrogen is highly flammable. ""Also known today as blimps, dirigibles were actually enormous steel framed balloons, with envelopes of cotton fabric filled with hydrogen and helium to make them lighter than air."" Hydrogen is very dangerous and it's flammable and Empire State Building is located in a populated area, so it's dangerous to risk. Also as German dirigible ""Hindenburg"" was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, it proved to the owners of Empire State Building that it's more dangerous than it looks. Other reason why dirigibles couldn't moor at the top of the building was the existing law agains all airships flying too low over populated areas."	3
"At sporting events, people have gotten used to seeing the @CAPS1 blimp or the Goodyear blimp. Now they are used for advertising but not many people know that they were once thought of as transportation. The excerpt ""The Mooring Mast,"" by @ORGANIZATION2, shows not only the original purpose for the mast of the Empire State building was for mooring blimps, but also shows the many problems faced with blimp travel. Safty was a big issue because the blimps, or dirigibles, were filled with Hydrogen, which is highly flamable. It would be a huge disaster if one of them exploaded over New York City. Another problem was that the winds were always changing and there was no way to keep the dirigibles from moving in the wind and it could be dangerous. There was, also, a law about how low you can fly over urban areas and in order to land correctly, you would be breaking that law, and flying that low would risk wind pusing the dirigible into the top of the building and puncturing it. Al Smith had a good idea for the Empire State Building's mast, however their were to many problems to make it a reality."	3
"Other than making ammendments to building plans, the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles in safety, practicality, and legality. The hydrogen used in most foreign dirigibles is highly flammable, posing as an extreme safety hazard ""above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" Also, due to natural, violent wind currents at the altitude of the mooring mast, it would be more difficult, and dangerous, to weigh down docking dirigibles. Lastly, the building plans for the Empire State building did not correspond to existing laws. Laws forbade airships from traveling at low altitudes over urban areas; therefore the use of the mooring mast would be illegal. Before the builders were able to finish the Empire state building, they had to carefully consider each of these obstacles."	3
"Due to the architects being blind to the potential problems of the mast, the builders of the Empire State building faced many obsticles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. There was a law saying that airships could not fly too low over urban areas. This made it illegal for ship to even go near the building. But say a ship got tethered to the mooring mast, the back end of the ship would swivel around the mass due to constant shifting winds because of violent air currents. Dirigibles are normally moored in open fields which allows the backs to be weighted down with lead weights. This was dangerous for many reasons but mainly because the weights would be hanging over downtown New York. Without the dirigible being held down the violent winds would push the ship into sharp spires that would rip the shell. With the wind pressure and the dirigibles load itself there would be too much stress being added to the buildings frame. The buildings steel frame, over sixty thousand dollars in modifications would have to be made so the stress would be able to be transmitted nearly eleven hundred feet down to the foundation. Most of the dirigibles that were made out of the united states used hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is more flamable so the owners of the Empire state building realized how worse the accident could have been if it were over downtown New York. With all of these obsticles in their way the owners and builders of the Empire state building voted to postpone the installation of the landing gear."	4
"When the builders of the Empire State Building attempted to construct a mooring mast for dirigibles, they were faced with several obstacles that would ultimately defeat them. The first and most obvious obstacle was the danger of crashing. When the Hindenburg crashed in New Jersey, the builders realized how much worse the horrific crash would have been in downtown New York. Another more present obstacle was the wind at the top of the tower. As said in paragraph @NUM1 ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" That coupled with the lightweight nature of dirigibles would make mooring much more difficult than on an open field. The last obstacle faced by builders was the existing laws that made it illegal. There were laws that prohibited airships from flying too low over urban areas like New York City, though they were largely ignored. All those obstacles eventually lead to the realization that the mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building was not practical or feasible."	3
"In attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, the builders faced a few problems. First, they had to figure out a practical way this could be done. When they decided to construct a ""rocket-shaped mast"" that the dirigible could attach to, they realized that the roof had to be built first. After the building of the mast was completed, saftey became an issue. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United states used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" (paragraph @NUM1) If there were ever an accident with a foreign dirigible, the safety of New York City would be at risk. Also, the dirigibles could not be tied down with weights like they can in an open field. This would also be unsafe for the people of New York. The main obstacle the builders faced with saftey, which is a big issue. Therefore, the dirigibles could not dock on the Empire State Building."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced alot of problems in attempting to allow dirigibles. One is that in the story it says that dirigibles use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. If it got a hole in it then it would catch on fire. Another problem was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State Building was an existing law against airships lying too low over urban areas. Those are some obstacles the builders faced."	3
"The obstacles that the builder faced is making sure that the building was stable enough. The architects knew that they could not just drop a mooring mast on the Empire State Building. Al Smith commented and said that the mooring mask was on a okay level and how they were working on things. A set of engineers are working finding a workable and faster arrangements. While, the government is trying to find out a safe way for the mooring airships to mast. ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame (@NUM1). The obstacles that the builders went through was if a big dirigible was to go on top of the building it was add stress by weighing it down. Also, it would get to the point where it would reach the frame of the building. They had to use a steel frame in order for things to work out. But, at the top of the building the winds cause violent shifting out to air currents. Having a dirigible dangling over pedestrians is very unsafe or even good. The builder of the Empire State building faced many significant challenges to allow the dirigibles to dock there."	3
"There were a lot of obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. For instance, they wanted to add more hight to the Empire State Building so it can be, ""equipped for an age of transportation that was then only the dream of aviation dream"" @PERSON1 said. Next, Al Smith wanted to add a mooring mast at the top of the Empire State Building so it can allow dirigibles to anchor there for several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers off and on. ""Over sixty thousand dollar's worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" Then they, ""designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from inside, with a stepped-back design that imitated the overall shape of the building itself."" Also, ""the rocket-shaped mast would have four wings at it's corners, of shiny aluminum, and would rise to a conical roof that would house the mooring arms"". The roof had to be completed before the mask can take place. The greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring mast was nature itself. In conclusion, those were the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	2
"When constructing the mooring mast on top of the empire state building it seemed as if the engineers looked past all of its flaws. Safety was probaly one of the biggest issue for the mooring mast. It was said most dirigibles outside the United States used hydrogen of helium. Thus causing a higher risk to explode. After the events of the Hindenburg in Lakehurst, New Jersey, they were very afraid what would happen if it occured above downtown Nature was belived to be its biggest obstacle. Winds at the top of the air awalys shifted violently due to air currents. The back of the ships would swivel around and around the mooring mast @CAPS1 were another major reason. Dirigibles were not allowed to fly a certain height over Urban areas. Making it illegal to even approach the area where the building was. Al Smith really should have done some more studying about what could have gone wrong with his mooring mast."	3
"In this excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced. The safety of the people were at stake, nature was also a great obstacle, the other reason was that dirigibles could not moor at the Empire State building because it was against the law.First of all, the builders obstacle that they completely forgot about was the safety of the people. Most of the blimps from outside of the @LOCATION2 used hydrogen other than helium, and hydrogen is very flammable. And they did not want to risk anyone getting hurt in a densely populated area. Also, another big obstacle was @CAPS1 nature itself. At times the winds would be violent and it would go back and forth. And if a blimp was attached, it would be dangling violently over citizens had not nearly safe. Lastly, it was illegal to have airships flying close to urban areas and New York was highly dense. And the reason for this law is for nothing bad to happen to the citizens. In conclusion, there were many obstacles the builders had gone through, and they were blinded by the project and they wanted to get it done they forgot about safety."	4
"There were many obstacles builders of the Empire State building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle they faced was that some dirigibles were @NUM1 feet long which was four blocks in New York City. This was an obstacle because it would add stress to the buildings' frame when it was attached by single tether. In order for this to happen the steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be strengthened and modified. The next obstacle they faced was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. For example, in the excerpt it said that the U.S. navy dirigible Los @CAPS1 approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of the forceful winds. Also the captain could not even take his hands off the lever. The next obstacle they faced was the safety issue. The builders of said the dirigibles are weighted down by lead but if they did that it would be a safety issue. It would be a safety issue since the dirigible would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street. The last obstacle they faced was the law against flying to low over urban areas. It would make it illegal for a ship to tie up to the building or even approach the area."	4
"Based on the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. These obstacles include the weather, safety, previous dirigible tragety, and the law.The wind at the top of the Empire State building was a huge safty hazard because even if the dirigible was secured the back would swing a cause a potential hazzard due to the unpredictable winds. To fly a dirigible they are filled with hydrogen instead of helium, this is also dangerous because hydrogen is very flammable. On May, 6, 1937 the hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, @LOCATION3, so the owners took into consideration this could have been much worse if the accident had taken place above a densely populated area such as New York. Dirigibles are very unsafe so this created many obsticles for the builders of the Empire State Building to allow dirigible to dock there."	3
"In attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obsticles. In order for the dirigibles to anchor there, a mooring mast must be added. The architects then had to find a way to add ""a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building"" without adding stress to the buildings frame. ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was the nature itself"". Architects knew that they could not control the weather, and this worried them. Another obsticle the builders faced was the ""law against airships flying too low over urban areas"". If dirigibles were able to reach the building something could go wrong. Builders ""feared that the wind would blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings in the area"". The obsticles the builders faced soon became pointless when ""the idea of using the mooring mast for dirigibles and their passengers had quietly disappeared""."	4
"Construction always has challenges. In the excerpt from The Mooring Mask by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, there are many challenges for the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to land dirigibles there. Some of the obstacles the builders faced included the enormous size of the dirigibles, the frame would need to be modified, the cost, and nature itself.landing the dirigibles would be a hard task. For one, the dirigibles are enormous, they are ""a thousand-foot"" long flying devices. This would make it extremely difficult to land just because of its weight. The stress of the dirigible's load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way  to the building's foundation."" This is a struggle because the ""steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified."" This modification would take lots of effort and planning. Plus, modification also brings up the problem of cost. There would have to be ""over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications."" That cost is mindblowing and would create challenges of how to get that money. In addition nature itself was an obstacle. Winds at the top of the building were ""constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" Nature would bring up many challenges for the builders to have to work around. Overall, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there."	4
"The obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were that the most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and the hydrogen is highly flammable. The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof. The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation. When the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed, the owners of the Empire State Building realized how much worse the accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area, for example downtown New York. The greatest obstacle was nature itself, the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship with swivel around and around the mooring mast. Dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building, where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe."	4
There was many obsticles the builders of the Empire State Building faced to allow the dirigibles to dock. One was the weight. The architects could not just place the mooring mast or it would rush the building. So they had to add over sixty thousands of dollars into the framework. Another problem was safty issues. Other countries used Hydrogen as their dirigibles gass. Hydrogen is highly flameable so that catching on fire above New York was dangerous. Another problem was the violent weather at the top of the building. The dirigibles would sway in the back due to harsh weather so geting pasengers on and off board would be extremly dangerous to them. Also there is a law in New York prohibiting low flying vehecales so the dirigibles could not had dock their in the first place.	3
"The builders of the empire state building ran into a lot of problems involving the dirigibles.  One problem is that there was no easy way to make such a suitable docking station at such a great height, while making it look good.  The other, most main reason/problem with the mast for mooring the dirigibles was just a safety issue.  But a big one.  Most dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium and hydrogen is extremely flammable.  So, if something were to go wrong with docking the dirigible could catch fire and explode & go down in a densely populated area.  There were a lot of safety and structure issues but they were eventually resolved, (like the fact that large lead weights needed to dangle over the streets to weigh down the back of the dirigible"	2
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced several obstacles in their attempts to allow dirigibles to dock there. The builders ""main obstacle were the wind currents the dirigibles had to face in trying to dock nearly eleven hundred feet in the air. The harsh winds at the top of the building were constantly changing because of the air currents. The U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles could not even get close enough to tie up to the mast. ""The captain could not even take his hands off the control levers"" (Lüsted @NUM1) in fear the outer shell would be punctured by the mast. Additionally, if a dirigible was tied to the mast, it would moving all around the mast based on the unpredictable air currents. However, safety was also a major factor. ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"" (Lüsted @NUM2). Therefore, attempting to tie dirigibles to the mast of the Empire State Building was very unsafe, as the obstacles the builders faced were simply too much to overcome."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building were faced with many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first major problem was they weren't sure if the structure of the building could hold up to a swaying dirigible. As said in paragraph @NUM1. Also the builders knew that since the dirigible would be hooked to the mast by a single cable, the air currents would make the back of the ship swivel around the mooring mast. As said in paragraph @NUM2.  There also was a law enforcement against airships flying too lower over urban areas. That would make it illegal for a ship to tie up to the building. Those are some of the obstacles that the builders were faced with"	3
"There are many obstacles the builders had to face while attempting to allow the docking of dirigibles. One obstacle they had to overcome was paying over sixty thousand dollars' to the worth of modifications for the building's framework. In paragraph @NUM1, it stated that a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building, held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame. The stress of the dirigible's load, and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation, which was nearly hundred feet below. As a result of this issue, the frame of the entire building had to change to accommodate the new situation. More obstacles flooded in after the new modifications. When the building had been framed to the 85th floor, the roof had to be completed before the framing for the mooring mast could take place. The mast also had to have a skeleton of steel, stated in paragraph @NUM2,"	2
"The main obstical was to be the tallest building in the world. That all changed to being able to have a mooring mast so blimps can land on it to drop-off/pick up passengers and refule. They had ""@NUM1 thousand dollars"" in renovations to sturdy the structure of the tower. they couldnt make the foundations sturdy enough to hold the weight of an @NUM2 foot ship + cargo."	2
"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, the builders of the Empire State Building face obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to land there. One major obstacle was safety, mainly because when foreign dirigibles flew in, they most likely contained hydrogen (highly flammable). After the Hindenburg crash they were more wary if something like that happened in a densely populated area. An unstoppable obstacle to the builders was nature; with the vicious winds getting tied up in releasing passengers would be hard enough. According to the article lead weights were used to land dirigibles in open land on crappy weather, but the builders didn't use them, so there was no chance of it falling and hitting someone. Through all this trouble the builders still had the most practical problem; ""law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" With this issue it was illegal to have a dirigible tied up on the Empire State Building so close to the ground. In conclusion, even though the mooring mast never worked out as planned, the builders went through looking at obstacles just for the thought."	3
"In The Mooring Mask by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 the builders of the Empire State building faced Problems trying to dock the dirigibles. One big obstacle is that the dirigibles were a safety hazard. For example ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" If a dirigible had caught on fire while docked in such a highly populated area many people could have been killed. Another issue was nature, ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" This would cause the back of the dirigible to swivel around, making it unsafe. The builders faced many obstacles and unfortunately could never dock a dirigible at the Empire State building"	3
"The Empire State Building at the time it was being built was designed to be the tallest building in the world. However this was not an easy task. The workers had one especially difficult obstacle overcome, @CAPS1 dirigibles, or blimps, to dock there. The plan was to build a mooring mast on top of the building which would allow dirigibles to dock. If this could be achieved it was said to make the Empire State Building, ""equipped for an age of transportation..."" However many problems occurred. The dirigibles weight would have to be able to be held safely. The architects knew the weight would put stress on the buildings frame. The workers had to modify and strengthen the buildings framework. The workers also built the mast out of a strong, shiny, chrome-nickel. Another obstacle was faced when the mast was taken in consideration. The framework was originally stopped at the eighty-fifth floor. The workers had to finish the roof before the mast could be framed. Although the workers succeeded on making a safe mast, the ""Aviation Pioneers Dream"" never came to be."	3
"to allow Dirigibles to @CAPS1 on the empire state @CAPS2 builders would have to face tough obstacles. One obstacle would be that technology was growing in the 1930's by the time they were @CAPS3 with the @ORGANIZATION1 and planes were invented. ""the as yet unsolved problem of mooring airships to a fixed mast at such a height made it Desirable to Postpone to a later date the finel installation of the landing gear."" this @CAPS4 proves that they already made technology to land Dirigibles Safely but, @CAPS5 to see if the mast really worked. This @CAPS6 that technology was invented @CAPS7 than the builders could even make the mast at the top of the empire State building. Later on the figured that a dirigible would be unsafe At the top of a mast becuse the wind would blow it arond and crash into the Building. It was @CAPS8 to begin with."	1
"@CAPS2 on the excerpt, there were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One obstacle was that the architects "could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the Empire State Building's flat roof." This would cause stress on the building, so the "steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and strengthened." Another obstacle the architects faced was a concern of safety. In the excerpt it says, "Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable." @CAPS1 the greatest obstacle was "nature itself." On the top of the building, the winds were constantly shifting because of the violent air currents. In the excerpt it states, "the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast." @CAPS2 on the excerpt, these are the many obstacles faced by the architects."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many different obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there. The major obstacle to allow dirigibles to dock there was the lack of a suitable landing area. To allow dirigibles to anchor at empire state building for several hours a mooring mast had to be added to the top of the building. The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire buildings flat roof, so rather than building a utilitarian mast without any ornamentation, the architects designed a shiny glass and chrome nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from inside. Once architects had designed the mooring mast it could be complete and useful. The greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring mast was nature itself. Those are some of the obstacles the builders had to face to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire State building."	2
"Despite all hope and anticipation surrounding the construction of the mooring mast atop the Empire State Building, the project was never destined to be a success. In ""The Mooring Mast"" by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, there are many obstacles described that the builders faced as they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock on the mast. The first major obstacle that the builders came upon was that when a dirigible was mounted onto the mooring ""the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation"". This obstacle caused the need for an abundance of extra support on the frame needed to maintain sturdiness of the building. The other, and arguably greatest obstacle that the builders faced were the rapid wind currents that surrounded the building. The winds caused problems for the dirigible because ""even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast"". This caused a major design flaw for the builders in the way that they would have to maintain control and safety of the dirigible as it was docked by the mooring. As much as the plan dwarfed others of its time, it was short-lived. The plan had far too many obstacles to overcome and serves better today as a memorable characteristic of the Empire State building."	3
"Based on the excerpt It shows in some way's there were obstacles that the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles or Blimps to dock there. One of those examles were found in paragraph @NUM1. It said ""The mooring mast of the empire State building was designed to never fulfill its purpose."" Another One was Also in paragraph @NUM1 when they said ""The greatest reason was one of safty: Most dirigibles from outside of the united States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. When the german dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by a fire in lakehurst, New, Jersey, the owners of the empire state building relized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken above a densely populated Area such as downtown New York. Also in paragraph @NUM3 it says that nature was a big obsticle for the success of the mooring mast. The winds on the tops of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Another reason was because of existing laws was airships flying too low over populated or urban areas."	3
"There were many obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the mooring mast. One obstacle they faced was the lack of a suitable landing area. They would have to design a mast for the dirigibles. Another obstacle was the dirigibles was held by a single cable tether and that would add stress to the building's frame. Next, New York City would have to spend over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework. Then the greatest reason of safety came upon them. That was, most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium. And hydrogen is highly flammable. On @DATE1 a German dirigible ""Hindenburg"" was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey. The owners of the Empire state building realized if that happened to New York and how big of a problem that would cause. The final and greatest obstacle they faced to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself. From all the violent wind and air currents would be hard to tether the dirigibles to the mast. In conclusion, those were the obstacles the builders of the Empire state Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to land there."	4
"The architects, engineers, and workers or the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when attempting to attach a dirigible dock the top of the building. The first troubling encounter for the builders was they ""could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state building."" The engineers and architects needed to make @NUM1 dollars worth of repairs to strengthen the buildings frame work. Mother nature herself was also a problem. The constantly shifting winds would make it hard to stay landed unless they were weighed down. Even weighing down the zeppelins proposed a threat of a weight falling and killing an innocent person. lastly a law prevented dirigibles from flying to low over a city. If a spike from another building hit and popped the ballon, there would be an absolute disaster. Overall there were many obstacles preventing the idea of a dirigible dock to ever become true."	3
". The Empire State Building during it's construction was being planned to serve as a mast, in which dirigibles could be attached to. The builders of the building did not realize the severity of the obstacles preventing them from safely accomplishing this feat. Most of the problems presented for the most part were concerning safety. Due to safety issues the mast was considered to lucrative and idea, and posed too much of a danger. There were simply too many possible opportunities for something to go wrong. One of these issues was that dirigibles contain dangerous flamable gases, that if something went wrong a flamming dirible coming down on down town New York City would cause major damage. Another obstacle preventing this idea from becoming reality was that the dirible tethered to the mast would be ""constantly shifting due to the violent air currents (para @NUM1). Another reason why it couldn't be done ""was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas"" (para @NUM2). All of the problems that could not be solved plausibly were the reason why, the mast was unrealistic."	3
"The designers of the Empire State Building faced many challenges in the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock on it's peak. ""The greatest reason was safety"" (para @NUM1). The dirigibles were dangerous. Strong winds could blow them in different directions, possibly hitting the building. And if there was a crash, the debris would rain upon New York City. Since there was wind, they would have to use lead weights to hold a dirigible in place. However above the city this would be ""neither practical nor safe"" (para @NUM2). Finally, there was a law prohibiting airships from flying low over urban areas. This would cause the docking to be illegal. For these reasons, the builders of the Empire State building faced challenges allowing blimps, or dirigibles, to dock on the building."	3
"The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow the dirigibles to dock were very difficult. difficult. One difficulty that they had was that the mooring mast nature it self. When the dirigibles would come to the building, the winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air current, and the only way that they could moor is if the weighted down the back, and using them at the Empire State Building won't be practical or safe, with pedestrians below you.Another obstacle that the builders had was an existing law. the law was against airships flying to low over urban areas. This law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building, or even approach the area. this was an obstacle because they didn't have much to do about this since it's a government thing holding them back.These are just some obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow the dirigibles to dock."	3
"Many obstacles were established for the workers, in allowing dirigibles dock on the Empire State Building. At first they thought they knew what they were doing, they were wrong. The workers first obstacle was to make docking at the Empire State building safe. However it was hard to make that happen because it was above civilians and if it ever dropped the resolt would be extremely serious. The second obstacle that got in their way was the wind pressure. It would of caused an un reliable support of the mast which would screw up the docking of the dirigible. Finally the dirigible is the last peice to the puzzle with disaster. In the section The Fate of The Mast it gives that the dirigible is run on hydrogen which is extremely flammable. Just that sentence alone establishes that it is not safe for the enviroment. By far many obstacles got in the way of the process of the mast. But docking was a whole different idea. Many obstacles had gotten in the way of the builders in attempting dirigibles to dock there."	3
"The obstacles builders of the Empire State Building faced was many things surrounding safety and money issues. Successfully docking the dirigible would mean spending over @MONEY1 more, to make arrangements to the building. Also, there were many safety problems such as the gas the dirigible carried, the danger of people below in the city, and it was against the law for airships to be flying so low."	2
The Empire State Building faced in attempting to build the highest Building in New york Because they wanted to be so big and they have been working on it for so menny years.	0
"The dream of the aviation pioneers of docking their dirigibles on the Empire State Building, created obstacles for the builders to face. The mooring mast of the building ""was destined to never fulfill its purpose,"" the author implying that the building should not have been built, because of all these obscured obstacles. One obstacle they faced was the violent winds on top of the building, due to air currents. It was difficult for the dirigibles to dock. The ""four-blocks"" length blimp, filled with helium and hydrogen, would be dangling high above, which was not safe for the millions of people on the streets. In December 1930, the dirigible Los Angeles could not get close enough to the mooring mast because of forceful winds. Another obstacle the builders faced was the law against airships flying too low over urban areas. The Columbia blimp tried to deliver bundles of newspapers to the building, ending up with papers dangling on the rope from the blimp, because the dirigible mooring equipment was never installed. Therefore it was ""desirable to postpone to a later date that the final installation of the landing gear"" that gave airplanes the title of ""transportation of the future."""	3
"In the novel the @CAPS1 of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, Because in the novel it said ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by a single cable tether, would add stress to the building's frame."" This quote said that the dirigible would add stress to the building and @CAPS2 risk of colapsing."	1
"The builders of the Empire state building faced many obstacles in the course of bringing Al Smith's plans to life. One of them was ""air ships flying too low over Urban areas"" is illegal. If breaking the law wasn't a large enough obstacle, then the issue of New York citizen's safety also came into play. Most dirigibles were dangerous due to their flamability. So one wrong move could have killed many ""if it had [exploded] above a densley populated area""Another huge obstacle the came into play was the lightness of the dirigibles, that would allow it's rear to ""swivel around and around the mooring mast."" The only way to stop that would to again, put the citizens in danger."	3
Al Smith's idea of making the Empire State Building bigger was a very difficult task. Also tying to make the top of the building a docking area for new airships was difficult. One obstacles the builders faced attempting to create a dock for dirigibles was preventing stress to the buildings frame. If the builders wanted to fix that it will invole the the building's foundation which was eleven hundred feet below. The framework of the building will cost too much money. The stress of the building will come from the dirigibles's load and wind pressure. Another Obstacle that the builders were faced with was the wind. The violent air current would cause the building to constinously shift. They didnt wand to use lead weights because it was to dangerous. because they were dangling high over predestrains. A law that builders had to think about while building this was the law that went against airships flying too low They had many obstacles that the builders had to keep in mind while building the dock.	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles with trying to build a docking station for dirigibles. They first needed to make @MONEY1 worth of modifications to strengthen the building to ""accommodate this new situation."" This however, was an obstacle they were able to overcome. The next problem was that most dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium. Hydrogen is flammable, and after the fire of the Hindenburg, people realized how potentially dangerous this docking idea was. Another problem was the weather. High winds could cause problems when the dirigibles are trying to dock. To top off, this list of problems is the fact that there is a ""law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" @CAPS1, there were just too many obstacles for the builders to overcome, and the mooring mast was never successful."	4
"The obstacles that the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was nature itself. The winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Another obstacle would have to be that the builders didn't check the laws of the city because an aircraft can fly that low over urban areas such as New York City so this law prevented and made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. The last obstacle that the builders of the Empire State Building faced with public safety and this was the greatest reason. This project with the public in danger because if a dirigible went down in flames over a highly populated city like New York city it would be catastrophic! For example the German dirigible the Hindenburg did in lakehurst, New Jersey then the accident would be much worse & many people would die."	3
"In the passage The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon @ORGANIZATION2 t buiders of the Empire State Building faced with obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. One example is ""The architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state building flat roof. This is saying that you need to have a solid amount of support to hold a dirigible. Another is ""Most dirigibles from outside the United States use hydrogen not Helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. So if that were to catch fire in the middle of New York City That would not be good. Another is the changing wind speeds would cause the dirigible to sway in the air. This could cause issues with stability. So in this passage The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION2 had to overcome obstacles and attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there."	3
"When the idea of a mooring dock for dirigibles first @CAPS1 about it seemed like a brilliant idea But as time and construction went on, the surmounting obstacles that arose made the idea of a Mooring dock stayed just an idea. When the mooring mast was finished, the obvious safety hazards stopped it from fulfilling it purpose. The greatest @CAPS2 hazard was the nature of the mast itself. The Winds at that height were strong, violent and constantly Shifting. Even if the dirigible was tethered down, the back of the ship would be swireled around the mooring mast.Another hazard was that most dirigiples from outside the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is extremely flammable. After the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in 1937, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that they could not take that @CAPS3. A final obstacle that arose was a law that was against Airships flying too low over urban areas. this law made it illegal for a ship to even come near the building."	3
"According to the excerpt, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obsticles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on its mooring mast. A large dirigible moored at the top of the building would add tremendous stress to the building, and ""over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications"" had to be made to accommodate the stress. Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, winds would cause the back of the ship to swivel around the mast. According to the article, dirigibles could be weighted down to prevent this, but it is to unsafe for pedestrians. There was also the issue with docking dirigibles that use hydrogen, a highly flammable gas. In May 6, 1937, a hydrogen dirigible was destroyed by fire and according to the excerpt, the owners of the Empire State Building realized that if the accident was at downtown New York, it would have made the densely populated area to unsafe. The mooring mast of the Empire State Building was destined to never fulfill its purpose, for there were too many obsticles for such an accomplishment to be made."	4
"The Empire State Building faced various obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Most importantly was the danger involved in this ambitious plan. Blimps from outside the @LOCATION3 commonly used hydrogen, a highly flammable gas, instead of helium. After a German dirigible destroyed in a fire, owners of the Empire State Building saw the true danagers of an accident like this in downtown New York. Successful use of the mooring mast was another obstacle. The winds at such a high altitude made it difficult to dock. Once docked the dirigibles would have to dangle above pedestrians, which was ""neither pratical or safe"". The existing law against airships flying to low in urban areas create further probles. After the Los Angeles failed to reach the mooring mast because of the high winds the owners started to see the unsolved problems. By the late 1930's the idea had ""quietly disappeared""."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles when attempting to add a dirigible docking station at the top of the building. As it says in paragraph @NUM1, ""The greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself."" Wind could cause a serious saftey hazard by spinning the back of the docked dirigible around. Also dirigibles are highly flammable. If an explosion such as the Hindenburg took place at the top of the Empire State Building it would have been catastrophic. Attempting to moor a dirigible at the top of the building was not only dangerous: It was illegal. There ""was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas."" (paragraph @NUM2)The fact that mooring a dirigible was illegal and extreemely dangerous, was not the only obstacle that builders faced. It was also a daunting task. Builders would have to learn new technologies for operating the system at the U.S. Naval Air Station. After researching, builders reliezed that they would have to strenghen the frame. ""Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" (paragraph @NUM3) The obstacles the builders faced, proved to be enough reason to never use the mooring."	4
Even beginning to build the dock of the empire state building was A mistake. What first appeared to be a worthwhile And realistic idea ended up being potentially horrific if it failed. One obsticle the builders faced in Attempt to Allow dirigibles to dock there was the law that did not Allow airships flying low over urban areas. It would be even illegal to continuously have ships closely over pedestrians. Another obstacle they fased where the unsafeness of it All. The winds A that height Are constantly different And could cause the Dirigibles to move Around. Having Airships dock at the empire state building was potentially dangerous As well As illegal.	2
"In The Mooring Mast, by Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the builders of the Empire State building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The Mast was doomed to fail before it began. The greatest reason the mast never worked was because of safety. The hydrogen, in most dirigibles, is highly flammable. If an accident were to occur, it would happen over down town New York. ""The owners of the Empire State building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it taken place above a densely populated area."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) Nature itself was one of the greatest obstacles to the successful use of the Mast. Violent air currents and horse winds made it difficult to fly a dirigible near the building. ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" (@CAPS1 @NUM2) The Mooring Mast was doomed to fail before they began building it. The greatest reasons for its failure were air currents and safety. The dirigibles were never able to land there."	3
"Having the empire state building dock and hold dirigibles brought up so hefty problems for the builders. Most of the problems resided among the idea of a mast, Al Smith knew that the mass would put to much pressure on the building frame, another was the baloon it's self, besides the U.S. most dirigibles were made of hydrogen rather than helium. The hydrogen made it much more dangerous to have in the crowded down town New York area, because hydrogen was much more flamable. a third obstacl was the winds as said ""the winds on top of the building were constantley shifting due to violent air currents."" It was also illegal to fly/hold or dock a air craft so close to the ground. The docking and holding of the dirigibles at the Empire State building brought many issues and delemas making it hard to carry out such a idea for such a tall building."	3
"In the excerpt, ""The Mooring Mast,"" by. Marcia Amidon Lüsted, the Al Smith wanted to make the tallest building in New York. He had made the building very tall, 1,046 feet tall to be exact, but then, the Empire State Building was made taller, 1,250 feet. It was basically a competition to see who was to have the tallest building in New York. A mooring mast was put on top of each building for more height. Although, the builders did not account the balloons, or dirigibles that pass in the air. Dirigibles are highly flammable, and if they so happen come in contact with a mooring mast, it could be destroyed, just like before, ""the German dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by fire in Lakehurst, New Jersey, on May 6, 1937,""... The mast could have caused huge chaos to New York if it did damage upon a dirigible passing in the air."	2
"The builders of the Empire State building had to face many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. The first obstacle they faced was placing the mooring mast on the building. Lüsted states, ""The architects could not simply place a mooring mast on top of the Empire State building's flat roof"" (Lüsted @NUM1). This meant that they would have to build another structure to be able to place the mooring mast. The second obstacle they faced was preparing the building to dock dirigibles. Lüsted claims, ""A thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top... held by a single tether would add stress to the buildings frame (Lüsted @NUM1). The dirigibles would weigh the building down so they would have to find a way to prevent damaging the building. The architect would have ""The steelframe modified and strengthed"" in order for any dirigible to dock there. These are the obstacles the builders of the Empire State building faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock."	3
1.) dirigibles were being hailed as the transportation of the @NUM1.) they had a top speed of @NUM2 miles plus cruise at @NUM3 miles per @NUM4.) Some were as long as @NUM5 feet.	0
"Engineering a docking station was supposed to be a great accomplishment for the city of New York. Unfortunately, builders faced many obstacles in trying to make this incredible plan flourish. Many engineers did not think of the hazards and for ""reasons that should have been apparent before it was even constructed"" (@CAPS1 @NUM1).The greatest issue was safety. Dirigibles used a highly flammable gas, hydrogen, and if an incident like the Hindenburg were to occur again, it would be an immense danger to the densely populated city.Another obstacle were the winds at the top of the Empire State Building. The winds were constantly shifting and the backs of dirigibles would swing around and around.There was also a law against low flying aircraft over urban areas. so it was illegal for a ship to ever even approach the area. The idea for a docking station was great, however, many obstacles were not brought up in the early @CAPS2 of planning, so the Empire State Building never came to be a dock."	4
"Although adding a mooring mast to the top of the Empire State building is a very clever idea, there are multiple problems and concerns that accommodate this new feature. For example, even if the cable were fastened strong enough to the one thousand-foot dirigible, it would add stress to the buildings frame, causing the building to grow weaker much quicker than without it. In addition, to alter the dirigibles large effect on the building, it would be neccssary to have the dirigible's weight and the wind pressure ""to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation,"" which was nearly impossible considering this distance was over @NUM1 feet @CAPS1, @CAPS2 was a large factor in building this futuristic structure; over Sixty thousand dollars had to be collected to see better support the building's structure"	2
"Based on the excerpt, it is clear that the builders of the mooring mast atop of the Empire State Building faced multiple problems. To begin, the excerpt states that dirigibles from other countries were often filled with hydrogen, which is extremely flammable. The danger of hydrogen was demonstrated when the German dirigible ""Hindenburg"" burst into flames. The Hindenburg incident could have been far worse if it had happened in a densely populated area, such as New York City. Aside from the Fire @CAPS1 the mooring mast would create, there was also a ban on low flying aircraft so in densely populated areas. According to the excerpt though, the greatest obstacle was ""Nature itself."" This was a reference to the powerful winds and violent gusts found at the peak of the Empire State Building. With those winds, it would be outstandingly difficult to control a dirigible safely. After realizing all of these complications and obstacles, it was decided that the mooring mast would not be built."	3
"The people who were attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the Empire State went through many obstacles. They would first have to modify and strengthened the buildings frame to accommodate this new situation. The architects designed a shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from inside, with a stepped-back design that imitated the overall shape of the building itself. After doing all of that work they then found out that the mast of the Empire State building would never work. The greatest reason was saftey. Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used Hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable. The biggest obstacle was nature itself. The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. The other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas. The law made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area. By the late 1930's the idea of using the mooring mast for dirigibles and their passengers had quietly disappeared. Dirigibles instead of becoming the transportation of the future, had given way to airplanes."	3
"Building just a building alone is a tremendous job for builders, then adding on a docking mast for dirigibles makes it significantly more difficult. The architects and builders had to consult with experts as to how this construction should take place and whether it was safe or not. The architects and builders had to tour equipment and mooring operations at the U.S. Naval Air Station in Lakehurst, @CAPS1 and also had to meet with the president of an airship transport company. Perfusive planning and many meetings later they would begin building this mooring mast.As for the building the construction workers could not just drop a mooring mast onto the flat roof of the Empire State Building they had to find another way, they did not want to put stress on the buildings frame. They came to the conclusion that the frame of the building must be modified requiring over sixty thousand dollars. Workers got to add the mast and then construction was haulted due to danger of pedestrians, all that work for nothing."	2
"In the process of building the Empire State Building, there were many obstacles for the builders. Al Smith, who was the one who designed the building, wanted to make the building taller. He did this by attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on a mooring mast at the top of the building, reaching 1,250 feet high. There was obstacles in the way of attaining this goal. Safety was the greatest reason why it was never used as a docking station. Hydrogen was used in the dirigibles, which was highly flammable. An accident had already occurred having to do with a dirigible, called Hindenburg, in New Jersey. As popular as New York is they couldn't take the risk of putting harmful, dangerous gases in a densely populated area. Another problem that occurred to stop this building from being used as a mooring mast was the powerful wind currents that constantly shifted. The dirigible would be dangling high over pedestrians swivelling around because of the wind, this made it very unsafe and not even practical. One last reason the Empire State Building would not be able to have a mooring mast in which dirigibles could land was because there was a law which stated airships were not allowed too low over urban areas. These were some of the obstacles the builders of the @ORGANIZATION1."	4
"The ability to dock dirigibles atop the Empire State Building, while initially lucrative, had major obstacles. The problems facing the development of the mooring mast would be cost, flammability of dirigibles, and weather over @NUM1 feet in the air. The structural and cost problems facing Al Smith was that ""The stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" In order to overcome this obstacle, ""The steel frame of the Empire State Building would have to be modified and... over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications would have to be made."" This is problematic because Al Smith now must spend more time and money than originally planned. Furthermore, another problem is that ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States use hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" This is a huge obstacle because a fire or explosion ""above a densely populated areas such as downtown New York"", would be catastrophic and could put thousands of people in harms way. Finally the weather at the top of the Empire State building is unsuitable for docking dirigibles: ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting... the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" This is dangerous to the structure of the building, surrounding buildings, and people close by. Due to these problems, Al Smith and the engineers could not complete the Mooring Mast."	4
"The builders of the Empire State Building (@ORGANIZATION2) had many obstacles to face when building the mooring mast for dirigibles to dock. Top winds, the flammability of the foreign ships, and airspace laws all hindered the production of the blimp dock.Very high up in New York, the winds are dangerous. If a blimp tried to dock there, the back would be whipped around and could end up harming someone. Being that high up, that's dangerous.Many foreign dirigibles were filled with hydrogen, which is extremely flammable as witnessed with the Hindenburg. When that happened, the owners of the @ORGANIZATION2 thought it was too risky having those things flying over highly populated areas.There were laws made prohibiting low aircrafts over densely populated urban areas, so there could be no docking or they'd be breaking the law every time they did. That wasn't a risk the owner's wanted to take.The idea of the mooring mast was a very under- thought idea. Builders forgot the wind, flammability of Ships, and airspace laws would all end up stopping the mast's success. Now the @ORGANIZATION2 just has a long, useless pole on top of it."	4
"In The ""Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION1 many problems with the mast of the Empire State building are explained. One of the many problems was that the large deregible tied to the building mast would add stress to the building which could cause the building to collapse. But this problem was fixed by strengthening the building's foundation. A second problem with docking a dirigible at the Empire State building was the highly flammable gases the dirigible used to become lighter than air. If the dirigible were to catch fire its metal frame could fall to the ground endangering citizens below. The last danger would be that while the dirigible was docked strong air currents coming off of the building could cause the dirigible's tail to spin around on the mast. One way to fix this would be to Place lead weights on the back of the ship. But if one of these weights fell off of the dirigible it could potentially harm pedestrians below. Because of these problems the mast could never be used."	3
"The builders of the Empire State Building faced obstacles such as safety, nature, and law in their attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there. The issue of safety became apparent because most dirigibles made outside of the @LOCATION1 were made with highly flammable hydrogen rather than helium. To risk the destruction of one atop such a bustling city would be devastating. Nature too became a problem in the futile attempt of the builders. With such ""Violent air currents"" (¶ @NUM1), the dirigible would swivel around even if it were tied up to the mooring mast. Finally, law was an obstacle to the builders. Existing legislation banned airships from ""flying too low over urban areas"" (¶ @NUM2), meaning the dirigibles would have no way of landing atop the urban building. obstacles such as safety, nature, and law hindered be attempt of allowing dirigibles to land on the Empire State Building."	3
"The builders of the Empire State building had numerous obstacles in their way if they planned on allowing dirigibles to dock there. The first and most serious problem was the safety of the passengers as well as pedestrians on the street below. Dirigibles are filled with hydrogen which is highly flammable. In 1937 in New Jersey the dirigible Hindenburg was destroyed by a fire. This catastrophe would have been worse if it were take place over the heads of people in New York city.Nature also posed a huge threat to the completion of the docking mast. Due to the air currents on the top of the building the blimp (dirigible) would constantly be shifting. The only way to control the swaying of the blimp would be to use weights to hold the blimp down, which would again put the public at risk.Along with natural hazards it would have been illegal for the blimps to dock at the Empire State building because of an existing law. The idea to allow dirigibles to dock at a mooring mast atop the Empire State Building is completely impractical."	3
