"The mood created by the author in the memoir is grateful and fortunate. Narciso Rodriguez talks about being so fortunate to have his parents and his heritage of being Cuban. From paragraph @NUM1, ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice."" @CAPS1 is saying that @CAPS1 was so happy and lucky to have his parents as parents which is the main mood of the memoir.Another mood created by Narciso Rodriguez in his memoir is happiness. @CAPS1 makes the story happy by saying how great it was to grow up with his family. @CAPS1 also says that his family was a lot of people in his neighborhood as well. @CAPS1 is happy to have a great family. From paragraph @NUM2, ""Here, the innocence of childhood, the congregation family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompassed both, formed the backdrop to life in our warm home.""@CAPS2 are two moods created by Rodriguez in his memoir."	3
"The mood created by this author is clearly greatfull. The author shows how he (narciso) could never stop saying thank you. He honestly loved the feeling his mom and dad made him have, and all thengs they did for him. By what the parents did by moving into a place to call home for Narciso made his mood forever endlessly greatful. By Narciso's mood being greatful I mean endlessly thankful for all that he has thanks to his parents. In this short autobiography, Narciso creats the reader to feel, and know he is happy with the life he has. As this short story creats the mood of being greatful. You understand how he feels as you read many times through out this article, ""I will always be greatfull to my parents..."""	2
"In Narciso Rodriguez's memoir, the mood and feeling of her home and comunity is a happy and heartwarming situation. Most people who would live in a tiny apartment in the city would say that it was to small and cramped, while they wished for a mansion on the ocean, but Narciso was perfectly happy being in that environment. The way she described it, there were always great smells, wounderful music, and great people around all of the time. Narciso said the man people who contributed the most to her wounderful experience in New Jersey were her parents. They supported and cared for her at the same time they were strugling for money. They never showed sadness and they loved and cared for her. Even though Narciso lived in a small apartment in the city, she and her family show that you can make the best out of any situation."	3
"In this memoir, there are moods created by the author in the memoir. One mood in the memoir was peaceful. In this excerpt it stated, ""In our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all of these cultures came together in great soliderity and friendship."" This meant that everyone got along with no fighting unlike segregation dowin  the @CAPS1 at the time. Another mood is humble. A quote from the text says, ""I will always be greatful to my parent for their love and sacrifice."" This shows that no matter what @CAPS3 will @CAPS2 his parents. Lastly, the author created the mood modesty. To prove this @CAPS3 stated, ""They showed me with their lives, and these teachings have been the basis of my life."" @CAPS3 means that his parents (they) had Showed him everything @CAPS3 knows today. Therefore, this memoir has moods that are created by the author."	3
"The mood created in the memoir is grateful. ""My Parents both shared cooking duties and unwrittingly Passed on to me their rich culinary skills and a love of cooking that is still with me today"". What I mean by that is that he is grateful for what he learned from is parents. ""I would always be grateful to my Parents for their love and sacrifice. I've often told them that what they did was a much more courageous thing than I could have ever done. They showed me with their lives, and these teachings have been the besis of my life. What I mean about that is that he loves and cherish his mom and dad for what they did for him. The mood in this memoir is grateful because he love and cherrishes and cares about his mom and dad."	3
"The @CAPS1 in this @CAPS2 is @CAPS3 very happy and always like they are doin something as a family. it shows this in @CAPS4 @NUM1 throughout the whole thing. it shows that @CAPS5 it shows how he is @CAPS6 much as close to his family as he is to the others around him. and that should mean a lot of things @CAPS5 he really doesnt know much english and all those people are goin to be an important influence on his life As an @CAPS8 and non-Cuban, that is how and where it shows @CAPS1 in the @CAPS2."	2
"In the memoir ""@PERSON1"" by himself he creates a tone of love. It is tone of love because he explains that his parents taught him many great things. Also that he is grateful and thankful to everything his parent's gave him, as it says in paragraph @NUM1. For example he explains that family doesn't have to be blood related. His parents taught him that anybody you can trust his family, anybody that you help because you know they will do the same for you. Also in the last sentence it says, ""I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home"". So the author's tone for his memoir is love and that he is grateful for everything with his parents."	3
"The mood created by the author in the memoir is that family is very important. Family is very important an example of that in paragraph @NUM1 is when the author @PERSON1 writes ""Growing up in this enviorment instilled in me a great sence that ""family"" had nothing to do with being blood relatives.""The second way that shows family is important is in paragraph @NUM2 when the author writes ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice.The third and final example is in paragraph @NUM3 when the author writes, ""I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."" @CAPS1 three examples show that family is the most important thing."	3
"In this memoir gives a grateful feeling. Some of the reasons I think this is because like in paragraph @NUM1. The author says ""Åcour neighborhood was made up of mostly Spanish, Cuba, and Italian immigrants at a time when overt racism was the norm and segregation prevail in the United States."" But the main part of the story is that how he loves the neighborhood he lives in and the house he lives in and mostly how much the people are basically family in that neighborhood. And that is why I think the author has a grateful mood in the memoir."	2
"In this memoir by Narciso Rodriguez the mood is very warm and inviting. It is of home and family. Some examples of this are, he mentioen that the kitchen was the heart of the home and the Cuban music was playing all the time. The memoir also conveys a sense of family because the author often mentions large amounts of family and friends would often be visiting. He also mentions there was rarely a time when was not staying with them in their home until they got back on their feet. The mood of this memoir is warming and of family."	2
H loved His parents @CAPS1 loved his home @CAPS2 of this birthday are thair/always @CAPS3 music/always the smell of @CAPS3 food.	1
"The author created a sense of love and care in Narciso Rodriguez. The author talked about the sense of family and how people don't have to all be the same to become one community. In @CAPS2 @NUM1 it explains ""In our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all of these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship. It was a close-knit community of honest, hard working immagrants who extended a hand to people who, while not necessarily their own kind, were clearly in need."" @CAPS1 shared the feeling of acceptance because although they were all from different cultures and ethnicities, they all learned how to become one ""family"" in a rascist enviroment. @CAPS1 shared how his parents made the difficult decision to move to the new place leaving loved ones behind for their children's better future (@CAPS2 @NUM2). @CAPS1 showed a lot of admiration for his parents based on what they do for him and how they always have other family members or neighbors around the kitchen table for meals. In @CAPS2 @NUM3 @CAPS1 says ""There is no way to express my gratitude for the spirit of generosity and impressed upon me and the demonstration of how important family and friends are."" The author shares his feelings of love toward his parents in this memoir."	4
I will always be gratefal to my parents for their love and sacrifice. Ive often told them that what They did wa sa much more conrageous thing than I could have ever don	1
"The mood created by the memoir is thankful and proud. In paragraph @NUM1 it shows that he is thankful. ""... still with me today (and for which I am eternally grateful.) It also shows that Narciso Rodriguez is proud to be Cuban.In paragraph @NUM2, it says ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice."" This also shows that Narciso is thankful for everything his parents did for him. Narciso also said that he often told them of his admiration for their strength and perseverance,In the last paragraph, it says that he will never forget how his parents turned this simple house into a home. This shows that he is thankful for his parents."	3
The mood of the memoir from home: the blueprint of our lives is a grateful @ORGANIZATION1.Narciso tells the story about the way he grew up in @LOCATION1 raised by his Cuban parents. Narciso is very grateful that his parents had taught him to cook and introduced him to Cuban music which he loves. Narciso is @CAPS1 grateful for having parents who have given him much love and sacrifice. Narciso also admires his parents for their persaverence and strength. He has thanked them so many times but he can't show them how truly grateful he is of them. Throughout the memoir Narciso talks about his gratefulness which he sets the mood of grateful.	4
"The mood created by the author of the @CAPS1 Home: Blueprints of Our Lives is love. One example of this is in paragraph @NUM1, ""Growing up in this environment instilled in me a great sense that ""family"" had nothing to do with being a blood relative."" This quote shows that even though they technically weren't family, they still loved eachother enough to be family. Another example is in paragraph @NUM2 and it says, ""They came selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even though it meant leaving behind their families, friends, and careers in the country they loved."" This quote shows that they love eachother more than anything. they are leaving behind and would do anything to give them better lives. Lastly, in paragraph @NUM3 it says, ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice."" This quote shows that for his parents loving him, he gives them love. That is the mood in the @CAPS1 Home: Blueprints of Our Lives."	4
"In this memoir the authors mood is satisfied, and greatfull. Hes greatfull because his parents came down from cuba with their new born to start a new life and the baby can learn a lot, even though they had to leave behind  their friends and family."	1
"In this memoir there are many different moods that the auther tells you about. Happiness is a mood that the author tells you about. They are all happy because they can be together and have a grate time. Another mood is careing. her parents care about others and keep there doors open For them at all times. Love. Love is all around this house. They love all their Friends and Family and celebrate with then no matter what. They also show there love by leting people stay with them untill they can get back up onto there Feet. One mood in this memoir is courage, these two people show courage when they get here and they keep that Courage for a very long time. Expeshaly when they come from having such grate jobs to ones that arnt that great."	3
"The memoir ""Narciso Rodriguez"" creates a very warm peaceful and interesting mood. The way the author described the way she used to live looks like she lived a very loving and peaceful enviroment. She also creates a spanish theme to it which I could relate to. For example in paragraph @NUM1 she says she is very passionate for Cuban music and she's grateful she know how to cook. She also said in paragraph @NUM2 she will never forget how her parents turned a simple house into a home. That quote makes the mood of the memoir loving."	2
"In this memoir ""Narciso Rodriguez"" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, there was only one @LOCATION1 mood I think. The mood I think the author was trying to make people feel is happiness. There are a lot of examples that make me think that. One example that I think is best is the last sentence ""I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home"" I think this is the best example of happiness because even though they didn't live in the biggest house, the were still happy with what they had. That is what I think the mood created by the author was."	2
"The mood created by the @CAPS1 in the memoir is happy. I think there is hapiness because of what it says on paragraph @NUM1. ""In our neighborhood, despite the customs elsewhere, all of these culture came together in a great solidarity and friendship."" @CAPS2 that mean that there were a happy and friendly family. In conclusion, that's the mood I think the @CAPS1 created and some reasons why."	2
"The mood created by the author in this memoir is deffinitty being proud. The reason I think the author is proud is because he explains how he grew up throughout his whole life. Also, growing up made him proud because he came up not having a lot, to being a famous fashion designer. Lastly, this memior's mood also seems proud because he says, ""I will never forget how my parents turned the simple house into a home."" @CAPS1, the author makes him seem proud of himself."	2
"In the memoir the mood that the author created is the memoir can be @CAPS1 in two ways. first was happy for being created and being able to use america's beautifulfriendlyness. ""Growing up in this environment instilled in me a great sense that ""family"" had nothing to a blood relative."" @CAPS2 was that knowing that if you have hope anything can be achived. ""I will never foreget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."	2
"The mood created in the memoir is the feeling of Cuban culture and the @CAPS1's home. The feeling could be described as homey. In paragraph @NUM1, this is where the @CAPS1 first introduces the custom of his house. And how it is. The @CAPS1 describes his house as simple with cuban music and the scent of cuban food flowing through it. The feeling that the @CAPS1 uses to describe his house is the feeling that the whole memoir had. The house kinda flooded the memior with it's feelings. Also this memior didn't only show cuban feeling it also gave of family vibes (like how a family is happy and together) It expressed how the @CAPS1 was close to his family"	2
"The mood created in this memoir is comfort. To me it is so comforting because it is such a happy memoir, where these two young people invite other people over their house all the time. They also let people stay until they are able to get back on their feet. There is not one ounce of sadness to me, just a happy and inviting family which comforts me. Another thing is the lifestyle. I love how they are proud of their Cuban heritage. They listen to their Cuban music and always cook their Cuban food. I love it when people are not afraid to be themselves. It comforts me knowing everyone is happy. That is why the mood created in this memoir to me is comfort."	3
"The mood of this memoir created by the author is a grateful and/or thankfull mood. The mood is grateful because in the first several paragraphs it mentions how their home is not a high quality and they do not live a average middle class life but a severely lower-class life. However throughout the excerpt it is mentioned how whatever they lacked in quality they made up for with the coming together of their ""family"". By family it means how the other immigrants came together as one and helped one and another. Narciso mentions how even though his family had very little to share, they would always share all that they had to offer with anyone who needed it. By following this example mainly set by his parents he learned about life's lessons that he will never forget and is forever thankful and grateful to his parents for showing him."	3
"In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez, he feels a great amount of passion and love. He goes into detail about his culture, and says how much it means to him. He also feels love, love for his family and friend who were always there for him. He says That family goes further than blood."	1
"In the memoir, ""Narciso Rodriguez,"" the author creates a mood. First, The author shows feelings in this part ""My parents both shared cooking duties and un wittingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and a love of cooking that is still with me today. Passionate Cuban music filled the air, mixing with the aromas of the kitchen. The author shows a feeling of a warm, wonderful household with music and cooking. Next, the author shows a feeling of a nice warm child hood here: ""Here, the innocence of child hood, the congregation family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompass both, formed the backdrop to life in our warm home."" The author enjoyed a nice childhood, filled with friends and family, all enjoying the wonders of their home. That is how the author sets the mood."	3
"He was thankful his parents moved for him and thinks it was very nice. He said he doesnt think he would do that, so it was meaningful to him. His parents had come to give him a better life, even though they were leaving behind loved ones."	1
"In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez creates a very loving and carring mood.                                                         Throughout the memoir, Rodriguez can't stress enough how much love, greatfulness, and respect @CAPS1 has towards his parents. For example in paragraph @NUM1, Narciso Rodriguez says ""I will always be greatful for their love and sacrifice"", meaning the sacrifices parents made for their children. @CAPS1 also says ""I've often told them of my admiration for their strength and perseference... but, in reality, there is no way to express my gratitude for their spirit and generosity..."" @CAPS1 cares about the lessons his parents taught him so much, that @CAPS1 bases his life on them and will never forget them. But perhaps the most important thing Rodriguez says in this memoir is in paragraph @NUM2, when @CAPS1 says ""I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."" This somes up everything his parents taught and sacrificed for him. giving this simple sentence a great meaning."	4
"The mood in the memoir given by the author makes me think of my home. Overall, it makes you feel warm or happy inside. In the second paragraph when he is explaining his house and the music playing it automatically makes me think of my house around the holidays; like when the music is playing and you sing along matter how bad you are. You can tell that this book gives the reader a very positive mood or good ""vibe""."	1
they'd sald what little furniture they'd possessed by then	1
"The mood created by the author was one of happiness, love, and caring. Not only does it show in his style, but the author also gives details that really create the vibe. In paragraph @NUM1, the author describes the food as ""rich culinary skills and love of cooking,"" and the music as ""passionate Cuban music...mixing with the aromas of the kitchen."" This creates a homely affect to the scene, along with the paragraph about the many ""family members"" that came over for meals. The author describes this and explains that this was all possible, despite the nation's racism, because his parents worked hard to get where they were for the faith that their children would have a better life than they had. With all of the details, the author creates a loving, cultural affect can only be found with great family and friends."	3
the mood created by the author in the memoir was mutule in the begining it was about move to a New contrey they did seem faced by it they were more into giveing there child a better life and in the end it really sounds like they were all happy they welcomed people that moved from somwhere els into there home and welcomed them I think overall it was a happy mood that was created by the author	2
"The author in this memoir created a mood that showed how @CAPS1 felt about this house and his parents. He appreciated the house and was grateful for his parents. He is grateful for his parents and for their love and sacrifice. He is grateful they love and care for him. He says, ""I've often told them what they did was a much more courageous thing than I could have ever done. I've often told them of my admiration for their strength and perseverance."" @CAPS1 appreciates this house and how his parents made it into a home. He appreciates how his parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people they considered family.So in this memoir the author created a mood that showed greatfulness and appreciation."	2
"The mood in this memoir I believe  is appreciation and caring towards others. @NUM1 home as well as neighborhood was a place of unity and caring for one another like a family. In the memoir it says that people were always coming in and out of the house for a place to stay or for a meal to eat and were always welcomed with open arms. ""Family""  to him didn't mean you were related but were loved and cared for by other and with that mindset he had a huge family. His parent left behind their lives in Cuba where they were both scientists and had friends and family there for their son. They knew that the United States had better oppurtunitis for Narciso (in which he becomes a designer). He states several times how grateful he is of his parents for them to move to the @LOCATION3 for him as well as making his house feel like a home."	3
"The mood of the storry is happy. She discribes how lucky she is to have parents like her own, and be Cuban. She loves the music, the food, and the culture. She's glad her parent were careing and helped people."	2
"In the memoir @ORGANIZATION1 gives a loving and caring mood to the readers. I think this because whe he describes certain things, like his parents, he would add a loving and caring feeling. In paragraph @NUM1 it says ""I will never foreget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."" That sentence indicates how much he Loved his parents for doing that. Also in paragraph @NUM2 it says ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice"" that indicates how apriciative he was. Also this memoir gives a grateful and thankful mood because it makes you think about the people and family members that had loved and sacrificed for you. That is why I think the memoir @ORGANIZATION1 gives off loving and caring mood to the readers."	3
"The mood created by the author in the memoir is a grateful one. Because it is telling you what his experience in life was, and what his parents were like. It is also my opinion that they liked where they were. One reason is because they liked to cook all the time. Another reason is that they liked to have fun with their son One last reason is because they had a son. Their @CAPS1 name was @PERSON1."	1
"@ORGANIZATION1 tells the story of his childhood and the feel good-times of his "family" in a small house in Newark. Rodriguez shares a unique happy feeling with this excerpt; the feeling of great memories that have been strengthened with each day. The phrases he uses to help describe the house like "passionate Cuban music filled the air" and "the congregation of family" established this vibrant and happy feeling of the welcoming household he grew up in. The excerpt furthers these feelings when the author tells about how much his parents gave when they themselves had little of their own. The description of these selfless attitudes and ways helps paint a beautiful portrait of a family, with "extended family" also, forgetting their troubles and enjoying every second they spend together in a lively kitchen. As the author goes on to tell how grateful he is for his parents and wonderful, warm childhood, it provides a serene and a down-to-earth honesty from the author. The excerpt recreates a feel good time of a carefree life and worryless days that provide a wonderful atmosphere for the reader."	3
"In this memoir the mood that was created was security and warmth. I say this because throughout his story he talks about how grateful he is to have parents who cared about him so much they moved to the United States to give him a better life than what he would have had in Cuba. Narciso constantly talks about the food that his mom used to make and has taught him. The unity that the neighborhood has formed. When he was young there was still a lot of racism and segragation from whites to other races and because of that his neighborhood was the only place to feel at home and feel like they didn't have to prove anything. Their house was permanently open to whoever needed it, and his parents would feed and be overall kind to them. This memoir is about Narciso Rodriguez's kind and loving family, and that comes off strongly in his story."	3
"In the memoir Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of our loves the author creates a mood in the memoir. The mood that he creates is a relaxed and laid-back mood.The way the author writes is very smooth for example ""in 1961 I was born into this simple house, situated in a two-family, blond brick building in the Ironbound section of Newark, New Jersey."" That is a very relaxed sentence.He then goes on about his life. He tells about his neighborhood, family, religion and much more. Towards the end he tells what he is grateful for.The author told this story as if he was being interviewed and he was very relaxed and layed back."	1
"The mood that the author created in this memoir is kinda sad because these imegrents that came to know america slefliss just to give thier children a better life. These imagrents do not have a lot to work with. They live in small homes that are durty but in a suprizing way the manage. All these imagrents from different cultures that live in the same neiborhood came together in great soldarity and frendship. There are other imigrents that are unlucky and don't find jobs or houses, they have to eather leave or stay tempory with other people until they get back on their feet. In conclusion in this memoir the author created a very sad mood as you can see from the some of the spesific deatils from the story I have included."	2
In this memoir the mood sounds like a happy one. An example of how you might know this is in paragraph @NUM1 when it discribed what he loved doing with his parents and family. Also throughout the whole memoir you can feel the happiness when he talks about eating dinner with all his family members and friends. One more detail about the mood is that he sounds very grateful for what his parents did and the hard choice they had to make about moving to @LOCATION1. There are some details of why I think the mood of this memoir is happiness	2
"The mood created by the author in the memoir would be how fortunite we are to be living here in the united States and how lucky we are to have our education and our friends and families here with us. For example in paragraph @NUM1 when he says ""I will always be greatful to my parents for their love and sacrifice."" This is the mood created by the author in the memoir."	1
In the @ORGANIZATION1. Narciso Rodriguez tells about his life at home when he was a child. The mood of this story is happy because he tells how selflessness his parents were and how his family always looked out for one another even though they werent the richest family they still stuck together. In paragraph @NUM1 it says how the teachings have stuck with him his whole life and how import family and his friends were to him which creates a warm setting.	2
"The mood the author created in the memoir loving and happiness. The mood was happiness and loving toward his two parents. Quote: ""I will alway be grateful to my parent for their love and sacrifice."" The mood show that the author had a great childhood and loved his neighborhood very much. Quote: ""I will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many thing I learned there about how to love."" The mood the author created also showed that he didn't care if they didn't have a lot of money, he loved it where he lived and all the people that live in it, even if they weren't a blood relative. Quote: ""Growing up in this enviroment instilled in me a great sense that family had nothing to do with being a blond relative."" To wrap it all up, the mood the author created in the memoir was about love and happiness."	3
"The mood in the @ORGANIZATION1 is displayed as happieness and appreciation. Narciso understands how much his parents had given up for him by moving from Cuba to @LOCATION1. They also have always stood by his side and made sure there was only positive attitudes around him. He appreciates this so much he ends the @ORGANIZATION1 saying ""I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home"". by this he is saying it was a house that could shelter you, but a home is somewhere you want to be with family where you feel safe and comfortable. The happieness comes from the appreciation because you cant appreciat something and it doesn't make you make a little bit happier. his happieness is also portrayed in paragraph @NUM1 where he starts by saying ""I will always be greatfull to my parents for their love and sacrifice""."	3
"There Were many moods set by the @CAPS1 in the memoir. one of the moods was happiness. Narciso had a very happy family. They had many friends and Were thankful. Another mood the @CAPS1 set Was being proud. He was so proud to have parents who cared so much and had such selflessness. A third mood in the memoir is love. Narciso and his family Were loved by many and they also loved many back. His parents arms and doors Were open at all times for anybody needed to get back on their feet. Narciso was grateful to have such a great family (including extended). Throughout this memoir there was moods of caring, loving, grateful, & happiness. Those Were the moods the @CAPS1 set into this memoir."	3
The mood created by the author in the memoir is loving. The mood of the memoir is loving because Narciso's home reminds him of his old country. The author talks about his grand parents not being able to come to @LOCATION1 until 1970. Narciso's house was turned into a home that reminded him of Cuba.	1
"@PERSON1 wrote this memoir in a happy, warm, senseful way. He was able to describe in great detail what went on in his house during his childhood and how caring and loving his parents were. Not just to him but to almost anybody. Anyone that was considered family was allowed in and he was also grateful to be Cuban and for the foods he was able to eat and the beautiful aromas in his Cuban kitchen. His description of this home is very soothing to me because it just has a happy background and his talk so highly of. It is a tempting place to attend life in this "make the best of" little Cuban home."	2
The author is telling us a story about a kid that Just came to the United States. He is only @NUM1 years old & he likes it. A man named narciso @PERSON1 is a memoir to all the people.	0
"The mood created by the author in the memoir of Narciso Rodriguez is gratefulness. The mood created by the author in the memior of Narciso Rodriguez is gratefull. The author's memior is grateful especially according to paragraphs five, six, and seven. Paragraph five talks about how grateful he is for his mother and father to come to the United States with such courage, without having any knowledge of the language or of the culture. ""The faith that this struggle would them and their children to better times drove them to endure these hard times."" ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice"" is what starts off paragraph six. The author explains how he has been telling his parents of how much more courageous their plan was then his would have ever been. The author also says how he admired how much strength and perseverance his parents had and how he has thanked them repeatedly. His parent taught him two lessons with out telling him, but with their lives, ""and these teachings have been the basis of my life"", the author states. Finally in the last paragraph the very last sentence says ""I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."" which ultimately shows how grateful Narciso Rodriguez truly is."	4
"In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, the author creates a mood in the story, the author does this by writing in a certain way. One way the author does this is by writing very empathetacly. ""In our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all of these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship."" (paragraph @NUM1). A second way the author sets the mood is by sneaking in deeper thoughts within the paragraphs and parentheses. For example in paragraph @NUM2. ""My parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and love of cooking that is still with me today (and for which I am eternally grateful.)"" A third way the author sets the mood is by speaking so fondly of their parents. ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice I've often told them that what they did was a much more courageous thing than I could have ever done"". (paragraph @NUM3). The overall mood that the author sets for this memoir is a kind, sweet and thankful mood, Narciso Rodriguez, is thankful for many thing; family, culture and living in america."	4
"The mood created by the author in the memoir, ""Narciso Rodriguez,"" was sort of excitement/happiness. In the memoir of the author states that ""Rawedia Maria and Narciso Rodriguez, Sr., could afford to move into a modest, three-room apartment I would soon call home."" The author is excited and happy to move from Cuba, to have a chance to grow up in the United States."	2
The mood created in the memoir is a happy and caring and also sometimes sad. It was happy when he got together with family members but caring when his family let random strangers stay with them until they got on there feet it was sad When he couldne see his grandparents till they got permission from cuba.	2
"The mood the @CAPS1 creats in the memoir is a mixture. In reading the story you feel happy, and greatfull, this is because the @CAPS1 is stating how great her family and friends were, along with how great her life was. She also states that you dont need alot of money or a big house to be happy. In paragraph @NUM1 she says ""I will always be greatfull to my parets for their love and sacrifice."" This says to me, that very happy and she very greatfull to have parents like she does and that she would never want to loose them. She also states in paragraph @NUM1 ""in reality there is no way to express my gratitude for the spirit of generosity..."" To me, everyone should be this gratfull to their family and loved ones because you never know when you're going to loose one"	3
"In the memoir Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, Narciso Rodriguez described their childhood home. The author creates a mood in this memoir.The mood is created by description of the kindness of his neighbors, his gratitude toward his parents, and how his house was turned into a home. The mood is created by a description of the kindness of his neighbors. Narciso talks about his neighbor hood, calling it ""a close-knit community of honest, hard working immigrants who extended a hand to people who, while not necessarily their own kind, were clearly in need."" Narciso is getting the point across that his community was a warm, loving place, where everyone was friends and there was no conflict. Narciso also talks about his gratitude towards his parents. He says that, ""They came selflessly, as many imigrants do, to give their children a better life, even though it ment leaving behind their families, friends, and careers in the country they loved."" Here, the mood is set as grateful, since if his parent had not given all that they had had, he would of been in a worse situation in Cuba. Narciso sets the mood by talking about his home. He says that, ""Countless extended family members came and went -- and there was often some one staying with us temporarily until they were able to get back on their feet."" This adds to the warmth of his home, giving in a warmer environment.The mood in this memoir is set by @PERSON1' parents' determination, the kindness of his community, and the open arms of his home. All of these thing are the definition of family."	4
"The author sets many moods for the reader in his memoir from Home: The Blueprints of our Lives. The first and most dominant mood is a sense of family or friendship. The author constantly describes how his family's generosity made his apartment into a friendly place with the constant coming and going of relatives, distant and close. Next the author installed a sense of warmth. The very idea of this family moving from cuba into this three room apartment for their son really gives any reader some sense of warmth. Finally the author gives us a Sense of culture. As early as paragraph @NUM1 the author writes...""My parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and a love of cooking that is still with me today (and for which I am eternally grateful. Passionate Cuban music (which I still adore today) filled the air..."" In these ways, the author reaches out to his readers with the mood of friendship, warmth, and culture to give us a taste of his life with his adoring parents in this small three room house he called home."	3
"Immagrants from Cuba to the @CAPS1 usuely had to undergo a tough transitien. It took buckets full of curage and modevation to get through this huge transitien. Narciso Rodriguez's famly whent through this move using family power and the love they had for each other. It was a big change for them to be in a one room apartment to a @NUM1 room apartment. Through the memoir there was a mood of satisfaction and love for Cuba. For example, the memoir stated many times how much Narciso enjoyed the Cuban food and music and treditiens. Also the satisfaction mood comes out when Narciso talkes about how fortunate he is that his parents were willing to take the risk of moving to @CAPS2 to give him a better life. This showes that the love of a parent is stronger than enything in the world. Another mood is relieve. for example Narciso is relieved that his family made it to @CAPS2 sofly and sand. This article is a perfect example that family is all you have in the end and that nomatter what they are there for you."	3
The author wanted people to understand the story's and to make it easy to read whats it is about.	0
Narciso was happy and grateful. He was proud of his parents for what they did. His parents left behind thair family and friends to give him A better life. When they Arrived to @LOCATION1 they had to start over. They got A house And fixed upto how they liked it. They fixed up the house to look like A cuban home. His parents All ways took in people who came from cuba And let them stay there untill they got back on there feet. Thats why he was pround And grateful for his parents.	1
The author set a mood for this memoir. The mood he has set is love and kindness. The reason love and kindness is the mood because he says he loves his parents for self sacrifice so that he could grow up in the @CAPS1 of @CAPS2. The mood is of kindness too because he thinks his parents are kind for letting anyone into their door.	2
"In the memoir, Narciso Rodriguez, from Home: The Blueprints of our Lives writen by Narciso Rodriguez the mood of the excerpt is nice. I think it is nice because it says that he is prowd of his parents, being @CAPS1 and about home."	1
The son in the family is always happy in the memoire. All he talks about is how greatfull he is for his parents @CAPS1. Everyone is happy and having a good time.	1
"The mood created by the author in this memoir is that if you were born in a place you have a heritage in or family that live close to you that its your decision to move or not. As its states ""home is where one lived as a child."" in paragraph @NUM1 Narciso says @CAPS1 will always be greatful to her parents for their love and sacrifice. It took her a lot to move to @LOCATION1 but @CAPS1 was glad @CAPS1 did. in her house in Cuba @CAPS1 had her first birthday there and ""the warmth of the kitchin this humble house."" @CAPS1 found the definition of ""family"" and for that @CAPS1 says, ""I will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things I learned there about to love."	2
"In the memoir, ""Narciso Rodriguez"" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, created a mood of joy and happyness. It set this mood because he can have a nice and happy life. I think its happy that he can express his feelings to us the reader. The writer makes me feel joyful because it reminds me of what my family is like. ""My parents always had their arms and door wide open to friends and people we consired family."" My mother always has her heart and arms open to anyone who needs to be loved. It is also joyful to know that most of his family will be coming to live with him. The writer tells us about how his grandfather and grandmother will be coming to the United States when they are allowed to leave Cuba. That is the mood the memoir set of me to understand it."	2
"In the memoir, ""Narciso Rodriguez"" the author does a great job creating the mood. One example of how the author creates the mood is, when the author says ""my parents created our traditional Cuban home, the very heart of which was the kitchen."" That creates a mood of happiness and love. That's because the author shows it by saying created our traditional Cuban home. Making the family feel back at home made them feel happy. Also the author makes the mood of the passage ""My parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and love of cooking that is still with me today. The author creates the mood as happy and gratefulness. The author shows it by saying love of cooking. Also by saying which is still with me today and I am grateful. Also in this memoir the mood is shown by gratefulness by the line, I will always be grateful to my parents. Lastly, the author creates a mood bravery and caring. It says ""my mother and father had come to this country with such courage."" That line shows they were brave and willing to try something new, they cared for their child. That is how the mood is created by the author."	4
"In the memoir ""Narciso Rodriguez"" from @CAPS1: The Blueprints of Our Lives The mood created by the author in the memoir is very cultural and family. The mood is very cultural because they created the home into a cuban home, the very heart of which was the kitchen. The Parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly Passed their rich culinary skills and a love of cooking. The mood is also family because when someone needed a place to stay from their family they would let them stay at their house."	2
"In my opinion I think that the author sets a loving mood. Here are my points to consider. First of all he explains how much he loves his parents. An elaboration of my point is that he uses strong words to show that he loves them alot. For example ""I've often told them of my admiration for thier strength.""@CAPS1 of all he talks about his family and the love they shared. An elaboration of my point is that he explains what courage they had. For example ""My mother and father had come to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of the language."" @CAPS2 of all he explains how much his house meant to him. He talks about the memories he had there. For example ""I will never forget that house...  or the many things I learned there"". In conclusion thats why I think the author sets a loving mood."	3
"The mood created by the author, @PERSON1, in his memoir is happy and warm Rodriguez (multiple times), lovingly discribes his childhood and the people in it. In the memoir, he talks about the house he grew up in and the love in his home. Rodriguez describes the warmth of his kitchen and every thing that went on in it. ""Here, the innocence of childhood, the congregation of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompassed both, formed the backdrop to life in our warm home"" (paragraph @NUM1). Rodriguez also describes the conection between the family and friends around him, ""countless extended family members came and went...My parents always kept their arms and their doors open to the many people we considered family, knowing that they would do the same for us"" (paragraph @NUM2).With all of the love in this memoir, there is also a serious tone when the author describes the difficulties his parents had to face, to give him the best life that he could have. You can tell that Rodriguez has great respect for his parents."	4
"The mood of the boy in this story was he was happy talking about how his whole family could come to his house for any meal in the day. Also his friends could come over too. While he was explainng how he didn't ever get to meet his real grandparents from Cuba he didn't sound as happy as before the text was more happy. At the end of this memoir the boy said "" I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice."" When he said that his mood went to happy and thankful for everything his parents gave him in his life also like the main thing is  his cooking skills came from his parents too @CAPS1 he is very thankful for what he has. That is the boys mood in the story."	3
"In the memoir, Narciso Rodriguez describes his family factually, as well as loving and inviting. In paragraph two, Narciso tells how his family interacted in their house. ""In 1961, I was born into this simple house, situated in a two-family, blond-brick building in the Ironbound section of Newark, New Jersey."" Here, Narciso lists the facts about his childhood. The memories he shared with his family during that time makes the mood for loving. ""My parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we considered family, knowing that they would do the same for us."" His parents shared their love and compassion with everyone else, and that is what Narciso is grateful for; for the love and sacrifices his parents made for him. The powerful words he uses in the last two paragraphs puts the memoir into a mood of love and perhaps even sadness. The word he uses can tell they are from the heart, the memories of @CAPS1 parents as well as the rest of his family, influenced his life, and he learned the true meaning of family."	3
"I think the authors mood is, honored, proud, loving, and appreciated. I think the author mood is part of being honored because (in paragraph @NUM1) he really expressed how he feels about his parents being so loving and makes others feel loved and welcomed. I also think he was proud because, he explains (in paragraph @NUM2) how much he appreciates his family and his parents to have open arms and help thoughs in need, and to have such great parents that he does'nt even have words really to express to commitment and kindness his parents have with everyone. Through out the story the author alway's mentions How loving his partent are and you can see in the passage that he picked that trait up with the words and expression he used in the story to express the fact of his parents being loving to their family and their @CAPS1. Those are what I think are his moods and the reason for them."	2
"The mood created in this article is a joyful mood. He says, my parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and a love of cooking that is still with me today and for which I am exernally grateful. This shows that he is grateful for what he received and the mood is very joyful. Also he says Passionate Cuban music which I adored this day filled the air mixing with the aroma of the kitchen, Here the innocence of childhood, the congregation of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompassed both, formed the backdrop to life in our warm home. I mean that the mood is lighthened up a  little when he says all of this stuff."	2
"The mood in this selection is prode and happy. I know this from some clues in the text. the first and biggest clue is when the auther states some facts like ""and for wich I am eternaly ""greatful"" and ""witch I adore to this day. Also when she says that ""I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home"" it shows how prouud she is."	2
"The mood in this article is happy and grateful. I think it's happy because Narciso tells you how much fun he has with his parents and close family, and how much Narciso likes living where she lives. I think its grateful because Narciso got the education that he wanted and everyone around him was so proud of Narciso. I feel like the mood is mostely happy and grateful"	1
"The, mood created by Narciso Rodriguez is very @CAPS1 and happy. In paragraph @NUM1 nothing really happens so there is no real feeling. About half way through the @NUM2 paragraph was when the memoir started to get very @CAPS1. It is really @CAPS1 because you realize that he can turn a New Jersey apartment into a traditional Cuban home. It says in paragraph @NUM3 that they are neighborhood was made up of, ""Spanish, Cuban and Italian immigrants at a time when overt racism was the norm and there was segregation."" It is really @CAPS2 that those cultures could be in a friendly neighborhood during those times. In paragraphs @NUM4 and @DATE1 when Narciso Rodriguez starts to thank his parents it feels as if you were inside that house and your having dinner with their family. Overall, the memoir about turning a New Jersey three-room apartment into a traditional Cuban home was a very @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 story throughout the entire memoir."	3
"The mood that is created by the author is joy. The reason I think that is because Narciso's parent's are immigrants who works hard. They could've stayed in their own country but they wanted a better future for Narciso. When Narciso realized that he felt happy and filled with joy. In paragraph @NUM1 it says ""I will always be grateful to my parents."" When you're grateful you feel happyness. This is the mood that I think this author created."	2
The mood created by the author was very interesting. At some points the author was very serious. He would tell about the hard times his family had and what they went through. Then he would be joy ful. He would explain what his house would be like. He would tell how joy ful his house was and how he loves his parents so much. He would explain what loving parents he had. He showed how his family wasn't blood related at all. His family was different cultures all combined to make one happy family.	1
"In the story ""Narciso Rodriguez From Home: ""The Blueprints of Our Lives. In the story the little girl lives in a one bedroom apartment and she doesn't call at home untill she move's into a three bedroom apartment they maybe she will call it home. She doesn't really know adout love & to be kinda Also, to care about people. But at the end of the story she knows adout love she say's ""I will nevere forget how my parents turned this simple house into a hom""."	1
"The mood created by the author is quite comforting and homey. As the author describes his life growing up at home as a child, he seemed to have a pleasant life. when he (the author) ex plained how greatful he was to have learned all the things he had from his family, it portreyed a simple but very enjoyable mood. When the author spoke of his family and friends that came to dine in the apartment that was made into a home, Narciso created a very relaxed mood. Everyone who came to the Rodriguez's home was welcomed and treated as if they were close family. The overall mood of this memoir is friendly and welcoming just as the Rodriguez's home was."	3
"In the story, Narciso Rodriguez, from Home: The Blueprints of our lives, The @CAPS1 created by the @CAPS2 in the memoir was a very soft @CAPS1 because they are all greatfull for what being going on with their lifes like the @CAPS2 said in paragraph @NUM1 ""It was in this simple house tha my parents welcomed other refugees to celebrate their arrival to this country and where I celebrated my first birthdays. It was in the warmth of the kitchen in this humble house where a Cuban feas (Albeit a frugal Cuban feas) always filled the air with not Just scent an music but life and love. it was here where I learned the real definition of ""family"". And for this, I will never forget that house towards gracious neighborhood or the many things I learne there about how to love. I will never forget how my parents turn the simple house into a home."	2
"@PERSON1 uses a very happy tone and mood when talking about his home." ...Passed on to me their rich culinary skills and a love of cooking that is still with me today (and For which I am eternally grateful). Narciso is very happy he learned such great cooking in his childhood. "Here, in the innocence of childhood, the congregation of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompassed both, formed the backdrop to life in our warm home" (@NUM1). Being so happy made this such a warm home in @CAPS1. "I will never Forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home" (@NUM2). Narciso summed up his entire article in one sentence and creating what most people feel at home. At my home I feel everything Narciso does because its not were you live its how you live."	3
"The mood in this memoir is a very relaxed and happy mood. Narciso is always happy in the house, there was always the smell of food, and his parents cooking. There was always a strong sense of family and the house too. In pharagraph @NUM1, Narciso said that ""growing up in this environment instilled in me a great sense that family had nothing to do with being a blood relative."" What he is saying is that you don't have to be related to be family. Anyone close enough can be considered family. He also felt that you should always help people in need. That is what his parents, they always help people when they need it. and were always willing to share everything they have. That is the mood instilled in this memoir about family and love."	3
"In the memoir, the author creates a mood of love and community. In paragraph two the author describes his childhood home with words like traditional, passionate, and congregation. These words set the tone for the rest of the memoir in which love in helping the community are key themes. It gives me the feeling that I could walk into their home and be welcomed with open arms even as a complete stranger. These themes are reinforced in the last few sentences when the author ends speaking about his gracious neighborhood and how he learned to love."	2
"This memoir gives me a sort of cozy and comfortable feeling. When it talks about a family being not only people that are blood-related to you I think of my friends and the people I can count on. They are my family too. He also talks about how a house is not necessarily a home, not without memories, your family, and something or someone that you trust. Lastly, he tells us about how greatful he is that his parents brought him to a neighborhood that he would soon learn to love. This piece makes me think about and appreciate my family, and my home."	3
"I think the mood created by the author was gratefulness towards his parents. Narciso Rodriguez wants to tell his parents how very special they are to him and how much he thanks them for what they did for him. In this memoir, Narciso Rodriguez says that ""I've often told them of my admiration for their strength and perseverance, and I've thanked them repeatedly."" I think that in this memoir, Narciso wants the reader to understand how he feels about his family. He wants to tell us about what they did for him. Narciso thanks his parents for their sacrifice and I think by telling us his story, the mood that was created was gratefulness towards the parents who made him a 'home.'"	2
"The mood created by the author is both @CAPS1 and love. At first the mood the author created was @CAPS1. In paragraph @NUM1 it says ""They struggled both personally and financially."" Narciso explains the tragedies his parents had to face in order for him to live in @LOCATION1. So by reading the excerpt based on the poverty and struggles his family faced makes you grow @CAPS1 for them. I also chose love. In the excerpt it states. ""It was here where I learned the real definition of ""family"". And for this, I will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things I learned there about how to love."" @CAPS3 the excerpt the author explains the love he learned to form for the ""family"" @CAPS3 the neighborhood. Therefore that's why I think love is another mood created by the author. These are the reasons I chose both @CAPS1 and love for the moods created by the author based on the excerpt. "	3
"I particularly enjoyed this memoir. The author did a fantastic job at creating a sense of love and comfort while telling his story. The first sentence that stuck out to me was in paragraph @NUM1: ""Passionate  Cuban music (which I adore to this day) filled the air, mixing with the aromas of the kitchen."" To me, that sentence was all about making people feel comfortable and at home. It put out a sense of family in the story. The feeling of love was easily put into the story at paragraph @NUM2, when the author talked about his family. Especially where the author had said ""My parents  always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we considered family, knowing that they would do the same for us. The family loved everybody, and used their love to help struggling people, or people who just wanted to visit, get back on their feet and stay in their home. This story was truly filled with dozens of examples of love and comfort, and I really enjoyed reading it."	4
"I feel that the mood (s) created by the author in the memoir is happy, proud, and grateful. I think that the author makes the memoir feel happy because he is saying that his parents were kind and they worked hard and that made him happy I think.Another mood I think is he was proud. He said (in paragraph @NUM1) that growing up in his environment istilled a great sence of family. His family welcomed other refugees from cuba to celebrate their arrival to this country. Thanks to what he grew up in he learned the real definition of family.The last mood I feel the author created was he was grateful. He said in paragraph @NUM2 that ""I will always be grateful for my parents love and sacrifice. He is gratful to his parents and how they ""turned a simple house into a home"" (paragraph @NUM3). That's what I feel the mood (s) are in the memoir are."	3
"The mood would be loving and carring. When @CAPS1 was a child growing up in @LOCATION2, his parents treasrd familey and friends. They taught him to always lend a helping and and to alway keep his door open. ""Quite the contrary, our neighborhood was maid up of mostly spanish, cuban, and italian immigrants at a time when racism was the norm and segregation prevailed in the United States."" It was a close knit comunity and everybody knew everybody. Nobody was a stranger. ""My parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we considered family, knowing they would do the same for us"". His parent's instilled How important familey is and friends."	3
"In the article ""Narciso Rodriguez"" the author talks about the home that they grew up in and the sacrifice and selflessness that their parents have. The mood of this story is happy in the author really shows how much of the love their parents and what they did for them. In paragraph two when they talked about how they love Cuban music and the culinary skills that their parents had, that was passed on to them and that they love so much. Another example of the mood of the story is shown by paragraph four when they talked about all the people they had at their kitchen table and how they were so helpful to the people that they met through where they live. The mood of the article ""Narciso Rodriguez"" was happy and loving to all the people this person has ever met from that house."	3
"In the memoir ""Narciso Rodriguez"" by Narciso Rodriguez, the author creates a family mood. Rodriguez talks about how family always visits. The memoir states ""countless extended family members came and went..."" (paragraph @NUM1). He also explains that family isn't always the people related to you. Rodriguez says that his neighborhood ""came together in great solidarity..."" (paragraph @NUM1). Rodriguez says that he is most grateful for his parents ""for their love and sacrifice"" (paragraph @NUM3). Narciso Rodriguez really creates a mood filled with love, caring, and family."	3
"In this memoir, Narciso made the mood peaceful because he named the music that was playing and all the family that ate with them. Narciso also talked about them cooking. I think the moods peaceful because he doesn't say anything bad about his parents. he only says the good things about them. The mood could also be grateful because he was grateful for many things that his parents did for him such as pass down the love of culinary. He's also grateful for his parents leaving Cuba and @CAPS1 everything over again @CAPS2 that he could have a good job and a good life. Another possible mood can be warmth because Narciso loved his family and probably felt the warmth of everyone when they all went over his house."	2
"The mood created by the author was happy, The love Of cooking that is still with me today (and for which I am eternally grateful). Passionate Cuban music (Which I adore to this day) filled the air, mixing with the aromas of the kitchen. I will always be greatful to my parent, for their love and sacrifice. I've often told them that what they did was a much more courageous thing than I could ever done. They @CAPS1 me with their lives, and these teachings have been the basis of my life. My mother and father had come to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of the language or the culture. They came selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life. The author's mood is happy and grateful of there parents to give the author a better life, and leaving what's behind."	3
The mood created by the author in the memoir was warm and inviting. The auther made it feel as. if I was really there in his neighbrhood. the auther took the things most people take for grantit and elaberated on them. he made the mood feel real he made the reader that they were a part of the story.	1
"In the memoir of Narciso Rodriguez, he creates a happy and excited mood. This is because he is sharing family memories and those of his home. He is happy about them because of all of the good times he had in it. One event he was fond of at his house was his babysitter and first friend Alegria. Narciso shares times hes spent with Alegria and in doing so shows a mood of happiness. When the author talks about the kitchen and the Cuban music it brings an excited mood to my head. I imagine some exotic food cooking with a sweet warm smell and parents talking over the passionate Cuban Music. Narciso Rodriguez's life seems to be one that is very interesting and exciting. I wonder what he's doing now."	3
"In the excerpt from the memoir ""Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives,"" by Narciso Rodriguez he has a specific mood or feeling throughout the whole excerpt. He mood seemed to be kind of like a happy mood that shows everything even the hard times like ""a time when overt racism was the norm and segregation prevailed the United States,"" in a happy tone or mood. He even explained how his parents left their country and friends to live here and have warre jobs in a lighter happier mood. I believe that Narciso Rodriguez likes to look at everything in a happy, light mood no matter what it is."	2
"There are many ways to describe the mood in ""Home: The @CAPS1 prints of Our Lives"", by Narciso Rodriguez. First, the mood is family-friendly. This is because in paragraph @NUM1, the author states ""the innocence of child hood, the congregation of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompassed both, forms the backdrop to life in our warm home."" Also, the mood is very joy ful. In paragraph @NUM2, the author states, ""all of these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship."" @CAPS2, the mood of this memoir is defining the love of his family. In paragraph @NUM3, Narciso states, ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice."" These have been some moods in this story."	2
"The mood of the author is happy. The mood is happy because they doesn't really mention any negative thoughts or feelings at all. He mentions throughout the story, how he is so grateful for his family, like his mom and dad. He talks about himself being cuban, and how proud he is to be Cuban. The narrator has a bunch of good thoughts, about his mother and father. He mentioned in the story ""I will alway be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. He always tells his parents of how proud he is of them, and mentions how their basically an @CAPS1."	2
The mood by the author in the memoir is touching because i feel like memory story. This story is telling yu how to be memorized about the story and it makes u cry a little bit. I kind the like it a little bit because its about cuban peoples. I think my father knows People from cuban and I think he knows their culture.	0
"The mood created by the author in the memoir is that of gratefulness and happiness. The memoir show a pasionate explination of how Narciso Rodriguez's parents Came to the land of @LOCATION1. It shows how happy he is that he can live in @LOCATION1, and lead his own life. He is, and will always be, eternally grateful that his parents brought him here, so he could have a better life. His gratefulness also affects how his parents raised him, as a Cuban. Any mood could have been described here, but, as it states in the memoir, he is grateful for his family."	3
"In the memoir what was the mood created by the author.First, I feel that the mood created by the author is both happy and sad. I feel that they are sad because they moved from Cuba to @LOCATION1 where they left all of their friends and family and careers they loved behind. They also struggled both personaly and financially, braving the harsh northern winters while yearning for their native tropics and facing cultural hardships. Although they were sad I also felt that they were happy. I thought this because even though they moved from the place they loved they have one thing that made them feel at home. I think that it was there home and each other because they have there home Just as they like like, like when they were back home. I felt that the mood was both happy and sad in this memoir."	3
"Throughout the memoir Narciso Rodriguez the author creates many different moods. As a ready I got a large variaty of moods from the author. Such as sorrow for the family and what they went through, pitty for the children and how they watched their parents struggle for them, yet at the same time they benefited from watching because it made them stronger. Though throughout the memoir, among all the of the other moods that are potraid, there is the mood of eternal gratefulness. The fact that the parents went through so much just for their kids to have a better times and a promising future is beyond the relm of words. Words do not exist that can describe how amazing those parents are to do what they did. This is the mood, and moods, that are potraid in this memoir."	2
"His mood was happiness. Being with his family, sharing, being gathered with your family, having great times with your family members, taking chances with your family, explore the world, never be afraid to go somewhere new, express your feelings to each other, always be there for each other, being yourself, don't change and take risks to a different state. Don't be afraid to share with one another and always be there for one another and always be yourself, express yourself how you want to be and don't change for anybody,"	1
"In this memoir Narciso Rodriguez, The mood the author created was loved, because he showed that his parents gave up  what they had from Cuba to come to @LOCATION1 for a better for their children. For example his @CAPS1 worked in a labortory in cuba, and his mom was studying chemical @CAPS2 and they left that to live in Newark, @ORGANIZATION1. And the author discribed how he grew up in a triditional Cuban home and how you could smell the aroma of food, and Passionate Cuban music filled the air. And how he lived in a neighborhood of Spanish, @CAPS3, and Italian Immigrants. And he also discribed how his family always kept their doors open for people who were considered family."	2
"In the memoir @ORGANIZATION1 the mood created @ORGANIZATION1 the author in the memoir. The mood was like excited because Narciso Rodriguez is man that we can tell that he is a man that apreciate what his family did for him. Because in the memoir say that he felt graceful and happy about his culture. He is from cuba, his family are so friendship. His family teach him lots of stuff that why now is have been the basis of his life. His friend have inportant friends. Now in this memoir he express all and also how proud he felt about his family. And his admiration about his family is awsome. he learned with his family how to love others and how to respect. In the memoir he say that he would never forget how his parent turned his simple house into a home. This is how the mood created @ORGANIZATION1 the author in the memoir."	3
"In the memior, ""Narciso Rodriguez"" form Home: The Blueprints of Our lives there are relevant and specific pieces of information describing the mood created by the author.This quote or textual evidence shows that the mood of the author is very ""warm"" and free. ""Here, the innocence of childhood, the congregation in the family and friends, and the celebrations that encompassed both, formed the backdrop to life in our warm home."" This quote shows that the author is very warm because he says, ""the congregation of family and friends, and also, ""life in our 'warm' home."" The first quote shows he was very free with feeling and the second quote shows that he was ""warm"" inside.This quote shows that the mood the author changed to be very loving. ""I will never forget that house or its neighborhood or the many things I learned about how to love."" This quote shows that the author is very loving because he says, ""learned there about how to love."" This shows that the authors mood was very loving."	3
"The mood created by the @PERSON1 in the memoir was to show how happy it was for Narciso Rodriguez growing up. ""here, The innocence of childhood, The congregation of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompassed both, formed the back drop to life in our warm home"" and when the @PERSON1 says ""growing up in this environment instilled in me a great sense that ""family"" had nothing to do with being a blood relitive."" as you can see the mood of the story is warm and tells us about how he had a good Childhood"	3
"Based on the memoir ""Narciso Rodriguez"" by Narciso Rodriguez, the mood could be a lot of things. The mood created by the author in the memoir is a @CAPS2 mood. first of all I know this because in paragraph @NUM1 it said ""... and for wich I am eternally grateful."" also it said ""wich I adore to this Day."" How I know that those where a @CAPS2 moode because if I where to say that it be @CAPS2, also there was nothing saying that @CAPS1 disliked it. Second of all, @CAPS1 would all ways tell his Parents that ""I will always be grateful to my Parents fo thier love and sacrifice."" also told them ""I've often told them of admiration for their strenth and Perseverance. There for the wood of the memoir is those two reasons why it is a @CAPS2 mood that the author created."	3
"In the memoir, the author emphasized a very specific mood. She greatly emphasized warmth and safety. By warmth, she meant that you were always surrounded by loved ones. It meant something you'll always remember, because it's such a remarkable feeling. By stressing this warmth, it meant that it created memories. The other part of this mood was safety. The explanation of the safety was that you're surrounded by people that care about you, and there's no one to judge you, no one to hurt you, and you're safe from any dangers. I personally love the mood of this story because it's something I long for each @DATE1 down thecape. In conclusion, the mood of the memoir is very clear."	2
"The mood created by the author is fairly formal, with a few informal parts. For example a formal paragraph, like paragraph number one, sets the stage of the whole memoir and uses formal transitions like ""After [living]"". Also, the paragraph is very informative, telling about his parents imigrating to the @ORGANIZATION1 from Cuba and how they were financially poor + could not afford a fancy home like they could in Cuba.An informal paragraph in the memoir is a paragraph like number six where he is describing how thankful he is for his parents being as selfless and giving as they are. He also uses informal transitions such as ""But, [in reality]."" And ""these...,"". It also just has an informal tone to that paragraph.As a conclusion these parts of the memoir have a good balance of formal + informal settings to keep the reader engaged."	2
"In this memoir Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The @CAPS1 prints of Our Lives the mood was very happy and made me thankful. My grandparents moved to the @CAPS2.S when my mom was just six. They wanted to give her and her brothers and sisters a better life. This is why I am thankful. I live in the @LOCATION1. The mood is also happy because everyone loved eachother. They didnt have the nicest home, but it was full of love. The music was always playing and Family came a lot. The door was always open in the Rodriguez house. The last sentence in this memoir ""I will never Forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."" This made me smile it was so beautiful. This is how the mood was happy and made me thankful. The next time I see my grand parents I will make shure to thank them for moving to the @CAPS2.S and giving are Family a better life."	3
"In the memoir ""Narciso Rodriguez"" from Home: The blue @CAPS1 of are lives it gives you alot of different moods. One mood it gave me was happiness, I got this mood because he said cuban music filled the air and cuban music is normalli happy. I know Cuban music filled the air from when it states ""Passionate Cuban music (which I adore to this day) filled the air"" @CAPS2 @NUM1. Also I got the mood of welcomeness because his parents always let people In the house. I know his parents did this from when it states ""My parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we considered family"" @CAPS2 @NUM2. Lastly this gave me the mood of love. I got this feeling because his parents did hard jobs because they loved their kids. I know this from when it states ""They had to start their lives over entirely, taking whatever work they could find"" @CAPS2 @NUM3. These are the moods the memoir ""Narciso Rodriguez"" from Home: The blue @CAPS1 of our lives."	3
"The mood of this memoir is one of love and kindness. In paragraph @NUM1 it says ""In our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all of these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship. It was a close-knit community of honest, hard-working immigrants who extended a hand to people who, not necessarily their own kind, were clearly in need."" This shows how close and kind the neighborhood around the house was. The end of paragraph @NUM2 it states ""Countless extended family members came and went-and there was often someone staying with us temporarily until they were able to get back on their feet. My parents always kept their arms and their doors open to the many people we considered family, knowing that they would do the same for us. The way that her parents helped the community out shows their general love and kindness for all. Finally, in paragraph @NUM2 it says, ""It was in the warmth of the kitchen in this humble house were a Cuban feast (albeit a frugal Cuban feast) always filled the air with not just scent and music but life and love. It was here that I learned the definition of ""family"". And for this, I will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things I learned there about how to love."" It says right out that the ""scent"", or mood, is of love and that this is where he learned how to love. The mood of this article is very loving and kind."	4
"the mood of the @CAPS1 in the article is like kind of happiness and @CAPS2, relax, and grateful. Because their grandparents are coming from Cuba. Narciso Rodriguez feels like being an immigrant from Cuba and making a family in the United States is hard. Because you have to start your whole life over so you can get a job and provide for your family. This is what I think the mood of the article is about in the memoir."	2
The mood in this memoir is that Narciso is happy and very grateful for his parents sacrafices and willpower to make Narciso's life better and do give him more opportunitys in his life.	1
"The mood created by the author was warm, welcoming, and gratefulness. When the author described his home, it gave a feeling of warmth and it was very welcoming. He made me feel like I was invited to his home with open arms and I could feel the environment around me. He gave of a feeling of gratefulness when he explained how grateful he was to his parents for sacraficing everything and how much he appreciates everything they have done for him. He showed in the passage the warmth and love in his home."	2
The mood of this memoir is love and staying a family. The author sends a message to her readers when one leaves what they once had. Her tone tells the mood by writing with passion. The mood is basically is being happy with what you have. that's how the family written about acts in this memoir.	2
"The mood created by the author of the memior exposed various emotions and contrast. In paragraphs @NUM1 and @NUM2, the author talks alot about culture, he explains how they could not live without having their practice, in their lives. ""Rich culinary Skills and the love of cooking (and for which I am internally grateful). Passionat Cuban music (which I adore to this day) ...""In our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all of these cultures came together in great solidarity"". Another mood the author captures is greatfullness. In paragraph six the author explains how he is so grateful for the strength and courage his parents showed from moving away from Cuba. ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice. I've often told them that what they did was a much more courageous thing that I could have done."" The final way the author creates a mood is during the last sentence of the memoir. The author states ""I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home"". This quote captures the mood of being thankful for the unity of his family. He looks up to his parents for making his life as great as it is today. These are some moods the author creates throughout the memoir."	3
"The mood of this memoir is relaxed, happiness and thankfulness. Narciso makes their home feel peaceful and realxed. ""a great sence that family had nothing to do with being blood realted."" This shows that @CAPS1 is very happy with his household and his life that @CAPS1 shares with all of his ""family."" @CAPS1 is very thankful for his parents for giving him a good life and for giving up theres in cuba do come to @LOCATION1 to help give him a better life. ""I will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget how my parents turned the simple house into a home."	3
"the mood created by the author, I would say good. there very gratefull to there parents about everything. family is very important in the excerpt. In paragraph @NUM1, where it says ""Here, the innocence of childhood, congregation of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompassed both"" is an explanation of how and why there so gratful towards there family. In paragraph @NUM2, where it says ""growing up in this great environment instilled me a great sense that ""family"" had nothing to do with being a blood relative."" explains that being close to someone doesnt mean you your blood related."	2
"In this @CAPS1 this is the mood I think the author is trying to create. Well I think its happy. I believe this because he doesn't use depressing words or ephrasses. Also, he had a great family. He had stateted that he enjoyed his lifestyle and his home!"	1
"The mood the @CAPS1 created in the memoir is a peaceful happy riminder. the @CAPS1 said how he remenber coming to @LOCATION1 to get a beter Life. The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 alot @CAPS3 in @CAPS5 @NUM1 the @CAPS1 says ""Growing up in this enviroment istelled in me a great sense that ""Family"" had nothing to do with being a blood relative."" The @CAPS1 says how glade he is that his parents help him out a lot. @CAPS3 he says in @CAPS5 @NUM2, ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice."" The @CAPS1 reminds us alot about how he started and how he is now. at the end he says ""I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."" (@CAPS5 @NUM3)"	3
"The mood created by Narciso Rodriguez in this memoir. Is a very happy and grateful mood. It is happy because in paragraph @NUM1 it says ""Here, the innocence of childhood, the congregation of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompassed both, Formed the backdrop to life and are warm home. It is grateful because he says in paragraph @NUM2 ""They came selflessly as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even though it means leaving behind their families, friends, and careers in the country they loved. In paragraph @NUM3 it says ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrafice. This is the mood created in this excerpt."	2
"The mood created by the author in the memoir is very luring, like you read one sentence, then you want to read more. In the story, she says how her parent have to start their lives all over again. But, then she says that they're just happy to be together in good old @LOCATION1. Just because you have very little, doesn't mean you can't live it out the fullest. Be happy with what you got or don't have anything at all is what this story is telling me in my mind. So I will follow my life to the best like Narciso and her family did."	1
"The mood of the memoir is that he is growing up in the house with his Mother and father. His parents giving a hand to people who Need help. One explaination is when his parents moved here and left all of their friends & family in hopes to make a better life for him. Another is showing him about his culture threw music, cooking, celebrations and taking care of other people. His parents let people stay at their home when they Need to get on their feet. And by always having people over for dinner (Aunts, uncles, grandparents, cousins, @CAPS1 etc...)."	2
"The mood created by the author in this memoir would be grateful and happy. It really makes you wanna think about life and how good it is, thanks to parents and grandparent, even anchestors. It makes you want to love your parents even more seeing how they went through alot and probably gave up alot for you. Like leaving their homeland or giving up great things like @ORGANIZATION1 and Narciso Rodriguez Sr did for their family or son. They wanted a better life and education for their kids. They had to leave their homeland, where they were born and raised and give up some things to get better things. They had to give up their job and skill's they already knew how to do for better things. The good thing that happened or that they get is more freedom and better life and education, it's not easy leaving everything you love and where you are born but has to be done for better things and opportunities. Reading this memoir gives you or leaves you with a satisfying, grateful, happy and kinda sad mood."	3
"There are many ways the mood was created by the author in the memoir. One way the mood was created by the author in the memoir was by the author's past memories. An example of this was ""passionate Cuban music (which I adored to this day) filled the air."" This supports the idea that the mood was created by the author in the memoir because culture music came from the author's memories, which is the mood. Another way the mood was created by the author in the memoir was by the author's opinions of the memories. An example of this was in paragraph @NUM1 ""(and for which I am eternally grateful)."" This supports the idea that the mood was created by the author in the memoir because the author expressed their opinions in there own way which set the mood."	2
The author said that he had never seen his real grandfather until they allowed too leav cuba that was in the @DATE1 then they had there whole family in new jersey where they wanted to live.	1
"The mood created by the author of this memoir is a mixture of a few different moods. The author is proud and grateful of his family, home, and culture which makes of every relaxed and peaceful mood. For example he calls his house a ""simple house"". He also talks a lot about family and all of the people he cares about. The author makes a very loving and caring mood by doing this. He talks about the love for the people and things in his life that he cares about. He says, ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice."" That sentence shows a very loving and caring mood because its showing that he really loves his parents for the sacrifice they made for him The last sentence in the memoir says, ""I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."" This shows a mixture of both mood. It shows the love for his parents for making their house a home. But it also is very peaceful and relaxed because it is showing that throughout the memoir the author had the same mood of not letting stuff get to him and being grateful for the things he has."	4
"The author sets a mood to the memoir that allows the reader to attach and relate to what he is trying to explain. The mood given off by the memoir to me is selflessness. We all have an experience in life where someone gives up a piece of their lives for you. And Narciso's case his parents ""moved from Cuba to give him a better life, even though it meant leaving behind their families, friends, and careers and the country they love."" Even though they gave these things up they brought along a lot of their Cuban customs with them such as music, cooking and lifestyle for Narciso to experience while living in the safe and comfortable environment of @LOCATION1. They took those things and invited them to their new house to create a comfortable, suitable, loving living area which allowed Narciso to call this area ""home"". By showing the selflessness of his parents the author is able to create a connection to a time in the readers life where someone showed this sort of mood towards them creating a perfect mood to enjoy the reading."	3
the mood created by the @CAPS1 is a serious mood. The mood is serious because he is explaining his childhood and his home. he explains how his parents raised him. He also explained how his parents left. That was the mood of the @CAPS1.	2
"The author creates a peaceful mood in the memoir. Its peaceful because you can just picture the admiration in his voice when he talks about his family. One reason he loves his family is because, ""my parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we considered family, knowing they would do the same."" This means that their family always watched out for one another and protected everyone when they needed help. Another reason he loves his family, his parents specifically, is because they did so much for the author. ""They came selflessly to give their children a better life, even though it meant leaving behind their families, friends, and careers in the country they love."" This means that even though everything they have known is in Cuba, they wanted their children to have better lives and chances to be happy, so they left everything and moved on. These are some examples as to why the author has set a peaceful mood in the memoir."	3
"Home is where the heart is. In this case, his ""Family"" is his heart, and his house is his home. He's cubain but never been to cuba to see his real family."	1
"The mood created by the author in the memoir is grateful and apriciative. In @CAPS1 @NUM1 it says ""My parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we consider family, knowing they would do the same for us."" This quote shows that Narciso Rodriguez felt very grateful about where he live with all his family and friends, because he knows that if his family need something, their neighbors will alway be there for him and his family. Also in @CAPS1 @NUM2 it says ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice."" This quote shows that Narciso Rodriguez felt very grateful to have a family that was loving and thoughful towards him, through thoes tough times for him and his family."	3
"The mood of the story is comfort. When the author describe his home and how everyone was welcome it made me feel as if those people were in a comfortable, safe, and loving enviornment. When you turn a house into a home you feel comfortable in it because you have many comforting and loving memories in it. The author said that many people came to his house to eat Cuban food."	2
"The mood in the memoir is mostly gratefulness and happiness. The author describes his house as ""... our traditional Cuban home,..."", ""... unwittingly passed on to me they're rich culinary skills and a love of cooking that is still with me today."" This explaines that even though the author is an adult he still has the pasion that his parents had together when he was a kid. The author realizes that ""family doesn't mean blood realated"" it's about being around people that he loves and making things out of the little moments in life. The article states ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice."" This shows that the author admires his parents for everything they have given up to get to where they are now. The end of the memoir explaines that the author is grateful for living in that house, and having all the people around him. He learned the real definition of what ""family"" means and what love truely is."	4
"In ""Narciso Rodriguez"" from the story ""The @CAPS1 of Our Lives"", Narciso describes a mood of family and friends. He describes how his family always kept their arms opened, etc., to accept anyone who needs their help. He describes how his extended family always nearby. He describes the celebrations and the dinners that took place in his home. Most of all he described his home always had guests and family nearby."	2
The mood of the memoir is very appreciative. The author is appreciative for his culture and Cuban descent. He shows that his culinary Skills improved because of the phase change from a house to a home. His parents are greatful to have a great designer learn and egknowloge @CAPS1 of the Cuban Skills he had learned just from the mood of his life as a child.	1
"I would @CAPS1 the @CAPS2 is @CAPS3, hopeful, and thankful because the last few paragraphs it thanks people and shows it's appreciation."	1
"In this memoir, the author creates the mood as gratitude. Narciso Rodriguez says, ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice."" @CAPS1 expresses his gratitude for his parents selflessness. His parent's ""started their lives over entirely"" (paragraph @NUM1) just so their children could have a better life. ""The faith that this trouble would lead them and their children to better times drove them to endure these hard times."" (paragraph @NUM1) It also describes how friendly their family was. It says, ""There was often someone staying with us temporarily until they were able to get back on their feet."" (paragraph @NUM3) They were honest, hardworking immigrants who helped others and worked hard in persue of a better life.@CAPS1 describes the mood using many details. @CAPS1 describes Rodriguez's home by saying in paragraph @NUM4, ""Here, the innocence of childhood, the congregation of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompassed both, form the backdrop to life in our warm home."" The author uses details to describe the mood in ""Narciso Rodriguez"" memoir."	4
"The mood in this paragraph is pride, and hope, and love. Narciso clearly feels very strongly about his family. He states ""I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."" That sentence alone @CAPS1 the pride and @CAPS2 in Narciso's words. The mood is happy and loving."	1
In the memoir the author made a certain mood. The mood he made was loving and very alive. He constructed the mood of love in paragraph @NUM1 where he talks about the memories of his house always filled with comforting aroma of food and the passionate cuban music playing.  It also where he talks about how the memory of his home having the congregation of family and friends as the back drop of their warm home. Another example of the mood of love is in paragraph @NUM2 where he talks about how he was always surrounded by love ones during meals. He constructed mood of life in paragraph @NUM2 as well because he talks of how his house always became a sanctuary to his extended family member who lived with them until they got back on their feet. This gives the mood a sense of life because of all the people who have lived there. In conclusion this is the mood created by the author Narciso Rodriguez in his memoir.	3
"In this memoir Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives @CAPS2 Narciso Rodriguez, the mood of the story really translates the way the reader is reading it. As Narciso live in this small house it becomes his whole life. And his life revoles around his family. ""I will never forget how my parent turned this simple house into a home."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1) @CAPS2 this simple hous it changed his whole life. As @CAPS3 grew up many of his blood relations were not near where they lived but his neighbor were like his family. ""Growing up in this environment instilled in me a great sense that 'family' had nothing to do with being a blood relative."" (@CAPS1 @NUM2) @CAPS3 figured that people close to him was his family. The unique tradition of daily routines his family did really becam a part of his life. ""Passionate Cuban music (which I adore to this day) filled the air, mixing with the aromas of the kitchen."" (@CAPS1 @NUM3) these little things like music or the smell from the kitchen had a memorable impact on his life. In conclusion, the mood created in this memoir was created @CAPS2 these tradishon of his family"	4
"The author created a reflective, happy, and grateful mood in the memoir. First, the author states in his memoir, ""I was born into this simple house... which I adore to this day... childhood... first friend."" All these phrases show Narciso reflecting to his childhood, his first friend, and first house. Narciso reflects to his past, like how all memoirs should be. Secondly, the author uses words like ""great sense... adore... grateful,"" to show his appreciation and happiness of his childhood. To my knowledge, there aren't any grave, dark, sad parts of his life in the memoir. Finally, the author says that he is grateful for his rich culinary skills, passed down by his family, and his parents' love and sacrifice. This gives the mood of the memoir appreciation throughout the memoir, especially near the end, where he is grateful for his parents' selflessness. To conclude, the mood of this memoir is appreciation, happiness, and reflective."	3
"The mood set was a happy mood. As Narciso Rodriguez looked back on his life in @LOCATION1. He describes all the great experiences he had and the house he once lived in. He is also grateful because his parents gave up almost everything to provide him with a better life. He says ""I will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things I learned there about how to love. He is so grateful and happy that his parents loved him so much to trade thier lives in, so he could live in @LOCATION1"	2
"The mood created by the auther in the memoir is.Love,"" I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and scrifice"". This is shown in ph @NUM1.Care, ""Countless extended family members came and went-and there was often someone staying with us temporarily until they were able to get back on their feet"". This is shown in ph @NUM2.faith, ""My parents always kept their arms and doors open to the many people we considered family knowing that they would do the same for us"" This is shown in ph @NUM3 that is the mood created by the auther in the memoir."	3
"The main mood through out this entire excerpt from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives is one of thanks. Through out the excerpt, @ORGANIZATION1 about and explains about how his parents struggled in the US for their children. In his house, as it is said in paragraph @NUM1, ""My young parents created our traditional cuban home"" @CAPS1 loved everything about that home. Also his family. Not blood relatives just family. His family was made up of the entire community in a time, as discribed in paragraph @NUM2, ""When overt racism was the norm and segregation prevailed in the @LOCATION1."" @CAPS1 is most thankful of his parents. In paragraph @NUM3 it discribes ""They came selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life... They struggled bothe personally and financially... My parents had to accept that they might not be able to find the kind of jobs they deserved"" His parents gave up everything for his current life and Narciso is forever greatful."	3
"According to the memoir, the author created a mood to use in the memoir.The author created the mood of happiness. According to the memoir the author was very happy with his life. He was very joyful that he gained all the Cuban culture. He also is happy about all the ""family"" he has. So you can tell by the mood he has in the memoir that the arther is very happy and saticfied with the way he was raised.Thats how the authors mood would be described in the memoir."	2
"The mood and Narciso Rodriguez's memoir was love and respect. Narciso loved his family so much, and he learned that family does not only include blood-relatives. Narciso's family included the friends that he had made living in his neighborhood. Majority of Narciso's love went to his parents. He loved them for selflessly coming to @LOCATION1 just to give him a better life. They were fueled by the fact that they were giving a great life to their son, despite the fact that their jobs were not the best. He loved them for sacrificing their home, family, and friends back in Cuba just for him. Most of all, he loved them for teaching him two very important things-the spirit of generosity, and how important family and friends are. His parents also taught him courage by not being afraid of coming to @LOCATION1. He constantly thanked his parents and told him that he wouldn't have been so brave. All of Narciso's undying love and gratitude piles up, and it is clear to see how much Narciso respected his parents."	4
"The whole memoir gives off a very positive attitude. The author explains a feeling of unity and Friendship. This quote shows this, ""Åc all of these cultures came together in great solidarity in Friendship."" The author is saying that despite the fact that they were living in times of racism, all different cultures and their neighborhood lived in peace. Paragraph @NUM1 has a feeling of caring. For others and love. The author explains how his mother and Father moved out of Cuba for better lives for generations to come."" ""They came selflessly,Åc To give their children a better life, even though it meant leaving behind their Families, Friends, and careers in the country they loved,"" shows the feelings perfectly. The final part of the memoir presents great thanks to the authors parents. He states, ""I will always be grateful to my parents For their love and sacrifice."" @CAPS1, in the last line of the memoir, the author describes the true mood of his house growing up. The memoir reads, ""I will never forget how my parents turned a simple house into a home."" The author is saying that his house was and just living space, it was full of love, caring, and great relationships. The whole memoir has a loving mood."	3
"The mood created by Narciso Rodriguez in the memoir ""Narciso Rodriguez"" is greatfulness.Throughout the memoir, the mood created is greatfulness. There are many quotes in the memoir that support the mood created. One quote is ""I will always be greatful to my parents for their love and sacrifice."" @CAPS1's greatful for his parents giving him a better life in @LOCATION1 and raising him up to be a good guy."	2
"The mood is the @CAPS1 is happiness, for example at the end he says you can find happiness anywhere and he did. He found it  in a abandoned home. The @CAPS1 sayes that he got All the thing his parents didn't get. That show happiness."	2
"In the memoir, the mood seems to be happy, and grateful. To me it seems as if the author is trying to show his great love and respect for his parents and how they have taught him everything he knows and without them he would be nowhere.     ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice I've often told them that what they did was a much more courages thing thing than I could have ever done."" (@CAPS1 @NUM1)       This shows me that the author's mood is set to be happy and about love and how he is extremley grateful to have them in his life Also it shows his love for what his parents have taught him.     ""My parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed onto me their rich culinary skills and a love of cooking that is still with me today (and for which I am eternally grateful.)     This also shows that the mood is in a happy mood because he is explaining everything great his parents have done for him."	4
"Narciso Rodriguez from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives is non-fiction. The mood created by the author is strong because he loves his family for going to america. Love is a strag mood to show. He says in the story ""My parents always Kept their arms and their door open to many people we considered family, Knowing that they would do the same for us. That shows the authers and his parents mood."	1
"The are many strong feelings in the memoir but @CAPS1 is the most important one. In the memoir ""Narciso Rodriguez"", Narciso Rodriguez talks about all of the sacrifices and Love in his house hold and how @CAPS2 is forever great full for his parents selflessness. ""Love of cooking that is still with me today (and for what I am extreemly greatfull)"" is what Rodriguez says @CAPS2 appricietes. @CAPS2 is also appriciative for the way @CAPS2 grew up and how his parents taught him that ""family had nothing to do with being a blood realetive."" @CAPS2 is so appricietive that @CAPS2 tells his parents constantly that @CAPS2 ""will always be greatfull to my parents for their love and sacrifice."" The author excpetially ex presses the mood of @CAPS1 in the line, ""I will never ferget that house or its gracious naighbor hood or the many things I learned there about how to love. I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."" Rodriguez is forever appriciative to his parents and their strong desitions that made him the person @CAPS2 is today."	3
"In the excerpt of the memoir Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives by @PERSON1, the mood created is one of love for family and friends. The author explains his parents reasons for immigrating with such love and devotion that it is hard to not feel the same way. The author describes how everyone would eat together and they often had many more people eating with them. The author says ""...countless extended family members came and went..."" and then continues on to describe how his family lets other family members come stay with them until they get back on their feet. The author really shows the mood of the excerpt in a loving way and does this the most when saying you will always be grateful to his parents for moving to @LOCATION1 for him. The author shows that he truely cares about his family."	3
"The mood that was created by the author in the memoir was happiness, love, unity, and satisfaction. These words describe the mood because in the memoir the author would talk about how eternally greatful he is for his family. He talked about the struggles they had but how they saw past them and realized that as long as they have each other thats all that matters. They got along great and were very happy they had each other. They also helped other people in need which seemed to complete their lives. They saw everyone as family and as little as they had, all they wanted was to give back. That was the mood created by the author. "	2
"The mood created in Rodriguez's memoir is one of gratefulness + happiness. There are supporting feelings such as coziness + friendlyness but Rodriguez himself most exhibits gratefulness. In paragraph @NUM1, there is a great catalogue of gratefulness to the social skills that were passed down to him. When in paragraph @NUM2 he talks about their cuban feast, a small one perhaps but with true love + life. You get a true sense of the gratefulness Rodriguez displays for his parents not because of who they are or how much money they have or what they give him (materialistically), but being genuinely grateful of the nature + kindness bestowed to him."	3
"In the memoir, ""Narciso Rodriguez"" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives, Narciso Rodriguez is an internationally recognized clothing designer. He talks about his hometown in Newark, New Jersey. In the memoir, he offers the true definition of ""family"". I felt like the mood was comforting, and loving, and heart-warming. Just by the way he talks about how much he loves his Cuban heritage, and how his mother and father immagrated from Cuba, to @LOCATION2, and how, even at a young age, they still managed to raise him, and do alot for him, and give him the best childhood they could give him, that he'll always remember. He also talks about how ""Growing up in this environment instilled in me a great sense that 'family' had nothing to do with being a blood relative"", meant that you could even consider someone not blood related to you, as your own flesh and blood, family."	2
"In this memoir written by Narciso Rodriguez, he portrayed a very specific mood. This mood made me feel that I was there, or part of the story that he was telling. I felt this way because by familiarizing your readers with your characters, that makes writing the rest of the story a lot easier. For example, in paragraph two, I was able to get a sense of what his home and family life was like-especially with this line, ""Within its walls, my young parents created our traditional cuban home, the very heart of which was the kitchen."" @CAPS1 line that I felt was special to the story was, ""It was a close-knit community of honest, hardworking immigrants who extended a hand to people who... were clearly in need"" I liked this statement especially because it showed me, as the reader, how caring those people were. It also brightened the mood of the whole story. The overall mood of this memoir, I feel, was clearly depicted."	4
"In 'Narciso Rodriguez,' the author creates mood in several ways. The mood created by the author is a warm, happy mood that associates with feelings of family and love. The first place we can see this mood is in paragraph four where the narrator tells us ""my parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we considered family, knowing that they would do the same for us."" This shows that everyone in their community loved each other and help each other, which added to the mood of family and love. The narrator also tells us of his parents that ""they came selflessly, as most immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even though it meant leaving behind their families, friends, and careers in the country they love."" This shows that the narrator's parents loved him so much that they wanted the absolute best for him no matter where it took them. This shows they feel family is very important to them adding to the mood of family created by the author. The final place this mood can be seen is when the narrator tells us that he would ""always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice,"" and that it was from his parents that he ""learned the real definition of family."" This shows how much he loved and respected his parents which added to the warm, loving mood. In 'Narciso Rodriguez' several things used by the author create a warm mood of family and love."	4
"The mood in this memoir is one of gratitude. This is first seen in paragraph @NUM1 when he talks about cooking and Cuban music. It is also in paragraph @NUM2 when he talks about leaving their home countrys. A third time is seen in paragraph @NUM3 when he tries to say thank you, but can't find the right words. The mood in this memoir gratitude and it is easiest to see in paragraphs @NUM1, @NUM2, and @NUM3."	2
"The mood created by the author in this memoir is a warm and happy one. He does this by talking about homes, friendship and his neighborhood.                                                                                                                                  He creates this happy feeling by talking about his home. He talks about his simple house in which was created a cuban home. His kitchen has aromas of food filling the air. The rich skill of cooking was passed on to him. In this house he had the innocence of childhood.                                                                                                                         The second way he creates a happy mood is talking about friendship. He talked about how his land lords daughter was his friend and babysitter. This led to a playful warm tone as he lead to his grandparents who also enjoyed a meal at his house.                                                                                                                                                         The last way is talking about his neighborhood. He talked about how the immigrants in his neighborhood all helped each other. They all came to @LOCATION1 hardworking and willing. The author also wrote that family doesn't need blood.                                                                                                                                                                        Those are the ways that the author created a happy mood in the memoir"	3
"The mood in this memoir is caring, happy, and loving. First, it is caring. For example @PERSON1 would do anything for his family. If @PERSON1 did not do anything for his loved ones he would not care for them. Second, it is happy. For example @PERSON1 has a baby sitter and his first friend. Lastly, it is loveing. An example is when he talks about his parents. He is very greatful when he talks about his parents and the mood describes that by makeing the home feel loved."	2
"I think the mood the author created in the memoir is love. Through the memoir, he talks about his parents immigrating, his new home, and people that were always at his house. This shows their love, and his parents' selflessness. He portrayed his parents as caring people and it seems like they showed love to everyone. Rodriguez says ""My parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we considered family."" They seemed to put other people before themselves, and to always surround themselves with people who they love, and to love them."	3
"The mood created by the author in the memoir is humble. He loves him home alot. He loves the scent and the music and culture in his house. In the memoir he stated that ""Passionate cuban music filled the air mixing with the aromas of the kitchen. The mood in the memoir is also touching. He say that his mom is so helping and opening to family members in need. He had stated that ""My parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we considered family."" @CAPS1 example of mood from the memoir is how he explains how close his community is. He states that all the cultures and ethicitys came together in great friend. The mood the author created in the memoir is touching, humble and inspiring."	3
"In the memoir, ""Narciso Rodriguez"", an internationally recognized clothing designer, offers the following definition of ""family"". In this memoir the mood set by Narciso Rodriguez is a gratefull person of his rich culinary skills and love of cooking that is still with him today. He is also grateful to his parent for their love and sacrafice, it wasn't for their love and sacafrice to come to the @CAPS1.S he would not be who he is now in days. That's why his a grateful person."	2
"IN THE MEMOIR HOME: THE BLUEPRINTS OF OUR LIVES. HER MOOD IS LOVE, BECAUSE SHE LOVES HER PARENTS FOR ALL THE SACRIFICES THEY MADE, JUST SO NARCISCO CAN HAVE A BETTER LIFE FOR EXAMPLE, ""I WILL ALWAYS BE GRATEFUL TO MY PARENTS FOR THEIR LOVE AND SACRIFICE."" SHE MEANS SHE WILL ALWAYS BE GRATEFUL FOR WHAT HER PARENTS DONE FOR HER IN HER CHILDHOOD TO MAKE HER BECOME WHAT SHE IS NOW. ANOTHER EXAMPLE, ""I WILL NEVER FORGET HOW MY PARENTS TURNED THIS SIMPLE HOUSE INTO A HOME."" SHE MEANS THAT HER PARENTS SACRIFICED TO TURN A @NUM1 ROOM APARTMENT INTO HER HOME."	2
"In this memoir ""Narciso Rodriguez by The blue prints of Our Lives, the author sets a deep and powerful mood to the setting. Throught this memoir we feel happy as he explains his culture, for example as it states in paragraph (@NUM1) ""Here the innocense of childhood, the congregation of family and friends and endless celebrations that encompassed both, formed the backdrop to life in our warm home's."" @CAPS1 the author uses warm words that fill our heart's. For example in paragraph (@NUM2) it state's ""But in reality there is no way to express my grattitude for the spirit of generosity impressed upon me at such an early age. And @CAPS2 this author uses @CAPS3 to use further information which explains Narciso's feeling towards certain childhood memories. Such as the cuban culture. These are three examples of how the author sets the mood in this memoir."	3
"According to the memoir ""Narciso Rodriguez"" from Home: The Blueprints of Our Lives the author created a mood throughout the memoir. The mood was happiness because Narciso was happy with his life.One example of Narciso's happiness is with his home. When @CAPS1's telling about the apartment @CAPS1 grow up in the mood is happy. Although it wasn't much his parents made him comfortable in it. They made it seem like Cuba as much as they could. Narciso loved his apartment even if it wasn't Cuba. In paragraph two ""within its walls, my young parents created our traditional Cuban home."" @CAPS1 was happy with the apartment because his parents made it feel like a Cuban home to him.Another example of Narciso's happiness is with his family. Narciso tells how his friends seem like family. In paragraph four ""Our landlord and his daughter... do the same for us."" Even though the people aren't blood related to him @CAPS1's still happy with them. Finally, based on the memoir ""Narciso Rodriguez"" from Home: The Blueprints of Our lives the author created a happy mood. This mood was created because Narciso is happy with the life @CAPS1 lives."	3
"The author gave the memoir the feeling of happiness, gratefulness, and the feeling of family. The memoir makes you feel like you are at the kitchen table, listening to Cuban music."	1
"In the story, ""Narciso Rodriguez,"" the narrator had shown happiness throughout the memoir.One example of when the author showed happiness was when they were thinking about cooking. They admired when their parents helped and teached them how to cook. They would hear the music in the back that they adored as their heritage or backround. In the story it says, ""My parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and a love of cooking.""When the authors still live with their parents their relatives would come over to eat and have fun. To reflect back on those memories made the author happy. In the story it says, ""Countless extended family members came and went-- and there was often someone staying with us temporarily until they were able to get back upon their feet.""@CAPS1 example is when the author thought of the time when their parents moved to @LOCATION1. They thought of how lucky their parents were to come to such a nice place. In the story it says, ""they came selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even though it meant leaving behind families, friends, and careers in the country they loved."	4
"The mood created by the author in this memoir is gratitude Narciso Rodriguez, the author is grateful for the way his cuban parents brought him up when they had so little to begin with @CAPS1 thing that the author is grateful for are the cuban traditions that his family passed on to him. One of the traditions would be there rich culinary skills and a love of cooking. @CAPS1 thing the author is grateful for is that his mother and father came to this country to give him a better life even though it meant leaving behind, family, friends, careers and the country they loved That was the mood created by the author in this memoir."	3
"In the memoir ""Narciso Rodriguez"" from ""Home: The Blueprints of our lives"" the mood created by the author is that his parents were loving and caring. His parents were loving and caring because they made their house into a home. His parents were selfless and caring when they come to the United States. In paragraph @NUM1 it says ""I will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrafice"". This shows his parents were loving and made sacrafices for their children to have a good life. In paragraph @NUM2 it says ""they struggled both personally and financially"". This shows they cared about their family because they sacraficed things to struggle & make their family happy. In conclusion, the mood is being caring and loving."	3
In this memoir the mood created by the author is very positive. The author is turning @CAPS1 not good into a much better thing. Like when they had a very small house they turned it into a home. The people living in this small house let people stay with them until they got back on there feet. These people made up the whole building feel much better by keeping there old culture around.	1
"The mood in the author's story is happy and gratefull. Happy because even though it was a new country the came with a purpose and are living it with their culture which is past down family to family. ""My mother and father came to this country with such couage, without any knowledge of the language or the culture. They came selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life, even though it meant leaving behind their family, friends and careers in the country they loved."" Also greatfull because he sees what his parents did and does for him so he could be happy. ""I will always be gratefull to my parents for their love and sacrifice."" ""I was in the warmth of the kitchen in this humble house where a cuban feast always filled the air with not just scent and music but life and love!"""	3
