The author concludes the story with this because gardens cannot grow with snow on the ground. So she she figurers when all the snow is melted she ll try to grow another one. I feel as if she wasn t  happy enough to grow another garden I think she should be more interested in growin it then disappointed.    	0
"The author concludes the story with this paragraph because the story started out by Saeng failing the test, going out and buying a plant to comfort her and confessing to her mom. The plant related to her by the memories of her homeland and when she failed that test she felt very depressed and sad. She cried to show her pain, and bought a plant to cheer her up. As she told her mom she felt the pain again but, her mother made her favorite food and helped her plant the plant. She knew that it wasn t like the old plant but, it was the thought and memories she knew that she couldn t just give up, so when it came the right time she was going to try the test again. It relates because it helps the readers understand the story a little better and shows that she wasn t going to just quit. Her mother was very understanding and when she goes to retake the test she will be prepared. That is how it relates back to the story."	2
"I think that the author concludes the story with this paragraph by teaching Saeng how to be confident and vow silently, In order to teach her more lessons because of the fact she failed the test in the middle of the passage Saeng tells her mother that when the snow is gone in the spring time she will retake the test that she failed. Her mother was very upset when she found out that Saeng failed the test the first time."	1
The concluding paragraph explains her next goal. She had to take a test but failed it. Paid over nineteen dollars for the plant. It reminded her of her old home. She will have confident in the spring because the plant grew to its new home so she will grow to her new home also.	2
"The writer leaves the reader with a sense of hope for the future by concluding with this paragraph. Even though the narrator buys the plant in sadness, after she fails her driving test and is missing her home, it is still a symbol of hope. She means that when the flower is blooming, her hope will be also and she will try again, maybe this time with success. Right now she @MONTH1 be sad and scary, but she knows that things will work out, and she will be fine. She is finally settling into her new life and says that  many of the things she had thought of as strange before had become almost familiar to her now.  She means that even though she misses her homeland so much, she is slowly getting used to her new home, and her new life. And maybe by the spring she will be happy and comfortable here, comfortable enough to try her driving test again. The hibiscus represents both the longing for the past and the hope for the future."	3
"I think the author concludes the story with the paragraph because Saeng is saying when the good time came back around she will try for the test again because She had failed it. for example on page @NUM1 at the top She "" I-I falled the test"" thats why i think the author concludes this with the Story because it was important to Saeng to past the test in the good time of season Spring. "	1
"In 'Winter hibiscus' by @CAPS1 Ho, the narrator never clearly indicates what test Saeng has failed. However, through subject matter and word choice it is clear that the test is not only important to Saeng and her mother, but also to her new life in @LOCATION1. Throughout the story saeng's longing for her homeland is over powering. The flood of memories that came back to her when she purchases the hibiscus, are obviously painful and part of her everyday life. Saeng is working is working hard to keep her memories of Vietnam alive, while knowing that she must learn to live the @CAPS2 customs and lifestyle. There are somethings she dosent need to change, like passing the test. Saeng realizes that she can use these memories to keep her spirits alive, she can use them as motivation. This is why the last sentance of the story is so impowering, because she has learned to use the @NUM1 things together memory and change,  when [] this hibiscus is budding I will take that test again      "	3
"Hope, a new beginning, adjustment-all are reasons why the speaker concludes by saying  when they come back, in the spring, when the snow melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again  That hibiscus flower gives that girl hope because it remind her of her grandmother and back home, how wonderful things were back there, and by the flower blooming, she realize it could wear out there too. She ll also have a new beging in the spring, by spring she should adjust to her surrounding and have new friends, things to do, and new memories to look back on, that looking backabout flawall won't be as bad the flower will bring her hope and comfort with her adjustment."	2
The reason why the author concludes the story this way is because she wanted to leave the reader in suspence : wanting more. You can tell because it never really says what the test is. She wanted you to try and guess what the test is. When Saeng walked up to her mother she had told her that she failed the test.	1
The author concludes the story the way that they did to signify that the girl will not give up trying to pass her test and will adapt to her new found home and make it what her home in Vietnam was to her. The girl is remeniscent of her past life and wishes to go back and have the life she had in her home country. When she is  	1
I think that the author concluded the story with that paragraph because she is going to see if she can adapt to the new country. This is a good way to leave off the story because you don t know if she will or not; it leaves you on a cliff hanger. I also tink this is a good way to leave it off because he could write a sequal to it and make a series out of it.	1
"The author concludes the story with this paragraph because it adds the uplifting message that Saeng will be able to overcome the obstacles of living in an unfamiliar country. First; the @CAPS1 geese represent a piece of her new home because she reasons  reluctantly  that they are familiar to her now, This depicts her ability to adapt to her new environment. In addition, she also equates spring to when the habiscus is budding and the habiscus is a symbol of herself because both are trying to live in a country that is not their own. Therefore, the habiscus budding represents her being able to live comfortably in @LOCATION1. Finally, she vows that she will take her drivers test again. Her intial failure to pass the test showed her inability to become a part of @LOCATION1, but if she passes it. Then she will have successfully adapted. Overall, the author of this stoy concludes with this paragraph because it contains the theme of the passage through an uplifting message.  "	3
"In the story ""Winter Hibiscus"", the author concluded the story with the quote ""when they come back, Saeng's vowed silently to herself, in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take the test again."" the auther put this paragraph as the concluding thought to stress that Saeng is determined to make a change. She failed the test but wants to take it again. Her grandmother's resemblance is in the flower so if the flower budds, then her grandmother will be back in a sense. When he grandmother ""comes back"" then @PERSON1 will feel as if her grandmother is giving her strength and encouragement to try the test again."	2
"The author concludes this paragraph because Saeng is going to wait untill winter is over so she can have a fresh beginning. She wants to try again because the last time she messed up and tilled the plants. Saeng wants to become a gardener like her mother."	0
"The author of  Winter Hibiscus chose to end the story with that paragraph to reenforce the theme of the story and conclude with a hopeful tone. The theme of the story is adjusting to new circumstances and making the best out of each change. ""Saeng vowed silently to herself"" tells the audience that Saeng is making an effort to fit in and find the good in her new life. The hopeful tone that is created is a way to show that Saeng is willing to accept changes in life and wants to do her best to overcome obstacles. She says,  I will take that test again . The test represents the obstacles she will overcome when efforts applied. The hibiscus in the sentence "" when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding...  @CAPS1 starting over. The budding hibiscus is compared to Saeng with a fresh start and determination to achieve her goals of adjusting to a new lifestyle. The author chose this paragraph to conclude the selection to highlight the theme and symbolize a new start"	2
"The author concludes the story with this paragraph. In this story it about a @PERSON1, a girl and her mother. The girl is given money to buy a plant seeds. She spend @MONEY1 on this plant. Her mother get upset, but every thing turn on it, lk they had egg omlets with bits of melon."	1
It s kind of like a theme for the story. The hibiscuss inspire her to want to do things. I guess it brings memories of her home country and makes her want to try new things. This is significant to the story because it shows you how important the hibiscus was to saeng.	1
"In this story theauther deicides to end the story with this paragraphe, ""when they come back, saeng vowed silently to herself, in the spring when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is buding, then I willtake that test agien."" because she wants to take the test when every thing is isanters, de forexample she wants everything she likes in her nuforment such as the flowers, the geese and the whether. Another reason why I say the author ends the story with that paragragh because she wants to be, ua eviorment like the one that she was in her home country forexemple there was no snow it was like sping time all ver around. This is why I say that the auther ended the story with that paragraph."	1
"The last paragraph states  in the spring, when the snow melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding then I will take that test again.  I believe the author has ended with that paragraph to state the fact when her new home is like her old home maybe she will feel more confident and more in her place, instead of cold winter total opposite of where she use to live. The feeling of her old home, in her new home will make her more positive and comfortable. So then she will take the test feeling at home and pass."	2
"The author concludes with that paragraph because it is in a way letting you know that everything s going to be alright. Saeng is going to retry her drivers test again and everything is back to the way she likes best.It gives you a sense of hope, that everything is going to be alright wi her. Also, that she is going to start making the best out of life. I believe it s saying to that is why I think the author concludes wi that paragraph."	2
The auther cncludes the story with this paragraph because it wraps it all up and sums it into one. It is explaining that she is looking forward to the spring when the hibiscuss is	1
"I belive that the author included this paragraph to show that you she didn't give up, to show that she kept trying after she failed. Saeng said to her mother ""I failed the test"". Also to make her sound proud and happy to try the test over again. Also I have failed test. I also said that I would take them over but I didn't. So the author put that in their to show how determin she was going to sound."	1
"Minfong Ho ended her story ""Winter Hibiscus"" with an optomistic sentence. She concluded it this way because the main character of the story was beginning to lose hope. Saeng decided to retake the driving test when her hibiscus flower was blooming. This flower reminds her of her past life in Vietnam with her grandmother. ""Saeng could almost feel the light strands of her grandmother's long gray hair, freshly washed, as she combed it out with the fine-toothed buffalo-horn comb"". She preferred her life in Vietnam than hers in @LOCATION2. She was goint to wait until ""this hibiscus is budding,"" so she can feel more comfortable and happy. The author wanted to end it so Saeng would be happy. "	2
He concluded the story with that sentence because it told that she learned a lesson in life. all the way back home where she originally came from she missed her friends ibet and seeing her mother work out in the garden durring this time of year when its cold. I guess there poor in one way. In conclusion the choose this sentence because it sounds like she learned a lesson in life and even starting all over again but with a better understanding in her learning.	1
"In the last paragraph of ""Winter Hibiscus"" by minfong Ho The author concludes by saying  ""when they come back, Saeng vowed silently to herself, in the spring when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again"". I think the author concludes with this quote because it shows her determination to overcome this obstacle, For Saeng the hibiscus represents comfort and the ability to over come. Saeng is very strong and she believes off of that determination which comes from her past. The author concluded with that because it shows Saeng s determination."	2
"The Author concludes the story with this When they come back, Saeng vowed silently to herself, in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is building then I will take that test again! because he or she are the ones who wrote the story. One information is her family moved to the united @ORGANIZATION1 from Vietnam. Second one is the Author could of made this story it was about her. Saeng fails her driving test.    "	1
"well It seems like to me that the reason why the author wrote that as his or her ending is because basically to have sarcaism and put emphesis on what he was saying and making it clear that he wasn't going to take the test again, and basically if some one would haft to kill him in order to make him take that test again."	0
"The author ends the story that way to show Saeng's newfound determination. The whole story is about Saeng's journey one afternoon to come to acceptance with her new home, so it seems fitting to conclude with saeng's determination to pass her driving test and make life work in @LOCATION1. The story deals with several things Saeng finds that make her feel at home.  the sharp bitter melon and the hibiscus. These @CAPS1 lead Saeng to feel more at home and make it fitting to end with Saeng's acceptance that she will stay in @LOCATION1. @PERSON1 is also inspired by the hibiscus who is  strong enough to make it through the cold months that s what matters.  This reads to Saeng's determination to make it through her new life. And finally, the geese Saeng recognizes that life in @LOCATION1 is becoming  familiar . These geese lead @PERSON1 to the realization that this is her new home, and she can't go back. The whole story is filled with events like the three above that lead the @CAPS2 determination, so it s fitting to conclude the story with her determination of it.   "	3
"The author concludes the story with this paragraph because Saeng has vowed to retake the test in the spring and will have more confidence when the snow melts, the geese return, and the hibiscus starts budding.  A wave of loss so deep and strong that it stung Saeng s eye now swept over her.   Saeng feels lonely because she is from a different country and misses everything she knew and loved. Now she has the hibiscus to remind her of home."	1
The author uses this paragraph because it brings back memories from when Saeng put down the soil during the  winter hibiscus  and a flock of Canada geese flew by her. When Saeng failed her test the first time she did not dare look at her mother. She depended on the hibiscus which helped or want to retake the test but not until they re-bud again.	1
"In the story,  Winter Hibiscus,  by @PERSON1, a teenage girl; Saeng, and her family, have moved to united states from Vietnam. Saeng is walking home after failing her driver's test, and she passes a familiar plant. She then goes into a florist shop to purchase the plant. She arrives home and tells her mother she failed the test of course her mother is upset, but she makes dinner and the plant the  winter hibiscus  at the end of the story Saeng thinks to herself,  when they come back, in spring, when the snow melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again  I think Saeng says she will retake the test in spring because she feels confident and happy now that she is comfortable with the plant she has, and her mother isn't too mad at her. She feels that everything is going to be ok and she can retake the test in spring, when life is blooming."	3
"The author concludes the story with this paragraph because the auther felt like she would be ready for the new test. In the text it states that after walking home after failing liner driver test, she sees a familiar plant. later, she goes to a florist shop to see if the plant can be purchased That she will take the test again because she feel as thought she is confident to past it the next time around."	1
"The author concludes the story with this paragraph because the hibiscus makes her comfort, she says  when they come back in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again . Since the author failed the test as it is told in the story, she will feel comfort taking the test again when the hibiscus come again after the snow season.   "	1
"She says that because she had failed to keep the tropical plant a live.She was disappointed in herself and so  that  why  she  said. In  the  spring, when  the  snow  melt  and  the  geese  return  and  this hibiscus is budding, then  I  will take  that  tes t again. When  she  failed  and her mother said it will be okay you can always try again."	1
"The girl, Saeng , seems to be attached to nature and enjoy it when the spring comes like she said, a new natural intenill start and she will be motivated to take the test that she failed again. The author most likely finished with this paragraph to show that there will be hope for Saeng and she will do what she has to do to have comfortably in her new home country. The whole story talks about how she is still unsatisfied with her new home but it would be cut to and the stay with new chances and a new life, which they did using springtime to show this."	2
"The author concludes the story with,  when they come back, saeng vowed Silently to herself, in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again , to show that even though she failed her test she isn t giving up and that she will persevere over this and continue to try. This ending shows the determination in Saeng s heart. Saeng has enough determination inside of her to go on even though she failed her test and failed her grandmother to continue trying and continue to try to complete for her grandmother and herself. I really liked this ending and I am glad that the author decided to use this ending in the story."	1
" Winter Hibiscus , by Minfong Ho is a story about transition to @LOCATION1 and her own ability to be strong. Saeng failed her drivers test and was dissapointed as she walked home. She stops at a florist shop because she see's a plant that she thinks is like the one she had back home. Seeing this plant again makes her remember memories from her homeland. She plants it when she gets home and vows to take a driving test again. When the geese get back. The plant is like encouragment to her."	2
"When they come back, Saeng vowed silently to herself, in the spring, the hibiscus is budding. she will take the test. I think that the author conclude the story with this paragraph because she wants to test them again."	0
"In the story a young girl named saeng takes a test but she had falled. She is going to retake it next spring, thats why the last paragraph say; when then come Back, Saeng vowed  silently to herself, in the spring mum the snow melts and geese return and the hibiscus is budding, then l will take the test again the author concludes the story with this ending @CAPS1 in the story it talks about the hibiscus flowers so, since she failed the test instand  of saying she will retake it next spring they say when the hibiscus flowers bud @CAPS1 at that time it will be spring."	1
"Saeng believes that because she failed the driving test that she won t be able the transition by a new country had she goes searching for her past. She finds her past in plants remembering Vietnam in deep sorrow. The narration states   A were of less so deep and strong that it stung Saeng's eye  (No) She remembers and misses everything she had she wanted her country her grandmother and her life. She came home to her mother with a plant and disappoint her mother with the cost but she understands the pain. The narration states  it s a beautiful plant she finally said in sad you got it (No). Eventually Saeng realizes how this plant affected her and how easily it survived and made a promise to herself. The narration states  and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take the test agin   "	3
"In in Winter Hibiscus by Minfong Ho, the last paragraph is a vow by the main character (Saeng) to retake her driver s test when spring comes and her hibiscus is budding. The author concludes the story with that paragraph because it gives a sense of hope to the sad story. It suggests that Saeng will be okay and will move past her longing for the country of her birth.  And in the war on moist shelter of the greenhouse, Saeng broke down and wept.  Saeng was so sad and miserable. All of the flowers reminded her home country. She was depressed and homesick. When she got home, she planted a hibiscus plant in the frozen ground when it would bloom in the spring it would represent a new life and another chance. It meant that Saeng would not give up. Minfong Ho concluded Winter Hibiscus on a positive note with the last paragraph."	3
In the story I think the author concludes  that  paragraph  with  the  story  because  Saeng  is  saying  that  when  she  comes  back  or when  she next  sees  the  hibiscus  bloom  again  she  will  then  take  the  test  but  until then  she  feels  out  of  place  and  she  is no use to the  arrangements  she is living in  now  and  she  feels  uncomforatable  but  until  then  she  thinks  that she will not  be able  to do  will  until  she  is in  her  bloms  tow  a  where  it  is  horman   for  her.	2
Honestly I'm not quite sure. Maybe because she fees assured now. Maybe its a mental trial we all must face. Maybe the geese returning and the plant budding is a metaphoric test too.	1
"I think the author concludes the story with that paragraph because it helps to explain the significance of the hibiscus. The hibiscus are very important to her and her culture. When there hibiscus around, Saeng feels that she can do anything. That is why she failed the test in the first place. So she is saying that the next time she takes the test, she will have the strength from the hibiscus to help her pass the test."	1
"The author might conclude the story with this because it shows that the girl had confidence that when the flower blooms she will be able to pass. Back at her home land that flower mean't alot to her and it still does. But it seems like this flower gives her hope and pride. She used to pick it with her grandmother and put it in her hair. So when she sees the flower, she will think of her grandmother and that will motivate her to keep going. The flower is strong and can stand through winter weather, so the girl is determinded that when the flower blooms, she will be able to past the test."	3
This paragraph @NUM1 includes to let the reader know it's winter. you know its winter because in the passage its says when the snow melt.	0
I think the author used that response because she was showing that she had to go through another @DATE1 or hard work in planting flowers.	0
The author concludes the story like that to make the reader more intrested and to understand it will all happen again and again year after year. 	1
"When they come back, Saeng vowed silently to herself, in the spring, when the snows melt &the geese return & this hibiscus is budding, then I will take the test again. I think the author included this in the story to show that you shouldnt push things off. You should always deal wi them as they come up. So in the story the girl is showing a bad example. I believe the author wanted to make a point of not doing that. Overall, to add this phrase in this story was the right thing to do to try and show the right way of doing and going about these certain things"	0
"Saeng failed her driver s test at the beginning of the story. She finds a hibiscus plant and buys it because it reminds her of her life in Vietnam. She sates,  The familiar fragrance filled her lungs and Saeng could almost feel the light strands of her grandmother s long grey hair.  The flower reminds her of her grandmother. The mother says,  ??? Seen this kind blooming along the lake, it s flowers aren t as pretty, but it s strong enough to make through the cold months.  She s trying to make her daughter feel better. It states,  Overhead, a flock of Canada geese flew by their fault honks clear and yes-familiar to Saeng now. She realized that many of the things that she had thought of as strange before had become almost familiar to her now. "	2
"In the story  Winter Hibiscus"" I believe they end the story the way they did,  when they come back, saeng vowed silently to herself, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take the test again  because with saeng making a goal, she s overcoming her disappointment and uncomfort living in a new country. The archetyple meaning of a flower bud is: prosper, new, growth. This shows he growing and that s important in life and that s why the ended it the way they did. It s a positive ending."	2
 The author leaves the story there because it keeps you guessing on what is going to happen. That is really all you need to know about the story. The important parts the author has told al ready & the future is a whole different story. It doesn t matter if Saeng passes the test or what happens over the winter. The author has told us everything to know about the importance of this person & her mother	1
The author concludes the story with this paragraph why @CAPS1 it might be important to the author about Saeng. It some thing personely about her past or where she had came for. She trying to say that when she come back in the spring she going to take the test again in school. OR She is going to plants something over again the spring @CAPS1. As snow @CAPS2 and its too cold to plant any thing. That where she came from is really important to her and she miss it and went to go back to where she Come from. 	1
The author concludes with with paragraph because Saeng has to take the test all over. She @MONTH1 think theres a better chance when it blooms and the snow melts. So that is when Saeng is going to try and take the test after the snow melts and the hibiscus blooms	1
The author include it because her mother took the test and passed it and the daughter wanted to do the same Just like her mom. And she can only take it in the spring because there is no flowers out in the winter.	0
"In the story I don t know why the author and the story with that I really don t know, maybe she was talking about she took all test now she wouldn t take it over again atey. The times come. She in school and when one took the test of was that kind of wealth now that of not of is @DATE1 and school is over. "	0
The reason why the author puts that last line into the story of the end is to show us the raids  and saeng  that even though us almost over. She doesn t want  it to end but she know that it will also start up again. Next year when things goes back to the way they were before everything changed. This is why I think the author put that line into the story.	0
The author concludes the story with that paragraph because Saeng failed the test and in the spring she will take the test over.	1
"The author concludes this the story with this paragraph   because its start a whole new  day time . That saying  means  that  she  will  take  the  test on a budding  new day .for  example, the   geese  return  her its spring and  hibiscus budd  and  she  has the test  in  the spring  so it  will  start  why the author concludes the  story  with that paragraph."	1
The author concludes the story with a paragraph so the people reading the story would actually read it and not guess how the story is goin to go.	0
"The author concludes the story with that paragraph because It meant a lot to Saeng. Saeng failed her driving test and scared to tell her mother that she also spent nineteen dollars for  Dok Faeng-noi which was a flower/plant they had back at home. For example,  As Saeng walks home after failing her driver s test, she sees a familiar plant.  The plant Saeng saw meant a lot to her mother.  @PERSON1 uttered a small cry of surprise and delight.  Dok faeng-nor  she said.  where did you get it.  That was a quote stating that her mother was excited to hear that. The story is concluded by that paragraph because after all saeng went through her mother was glad she bought it.  It s a beautiful plant, this dok faeng- noi,  she finally said.  I m glad you got it. "	1
"She concludes that paragraph with the story because she realy wants the people to realize that she is and and is always having fun. Also that she love where she at. Shes making in the world and she loves wathing flower,  geese return and this hibiscus is budding  that show that her favorite thing to do  that she loves is flowers."	0
"The author concludes with this paragraph because the narrarator is now willing to accept and adapt to her new environment like the flower and the flower would do. Geese like the warm and not the cold so they are flying south for the winter. Saeng s  comfort tone  is in @LOCATION1 where she has many childhood memories; including her grandmother and the hibiscus flower. She is used to the flower being in a warm environment. So, when the geese come back in the spring and when the flower blossoms again, she will be ready to adapt to @CAPS1 life more and take her drivers test. The geese and the hibiscus flower are a symbolic memory of her old home in @LOCATION1 which she misses very much. After these things come to try and adapt to @CAPS1 ways of life. "	3
The author concludes the story with this because she failed the test already and wanted to pass it nexttime So she doesn't make her mother dissapointed in her.	1
The author of this story concludes it with this paragraph to show Saeng s  determination .  I  say this hibiscus in  the  story the sees  the  plant and it joyed to see it and is so happy but the reminders doing her grandmother  s  hair she  tries.  She snow this as a test for herself . She  want to see if she could be on and try not will on the past . When she  isn t  home she said   I failed the test .  This snows melt she want is to move on but it hasn t  as  easy as she hope it to be. So when the as this hibiscus the shows life this paragraph it shows that Saeng is trying  to move on and she is different  to  a English her seal.	2
"The author concludes the story with this paragraph to show Saeng s outlook on the future. It is a fitting conclusion, drawing from numerous elements in the story, and it shows how Saeng has grown. Saeng refers to  When the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding.  In this phrase she shows a growing acceptance and even an affection for her new homeland. The geese are  familiar to Saeng now   despite her thinking of them as  strange before.  The hibiscus is a piece of her past, adapted to fit her current situation. Saeng s vow that she will  take that test again  in the spring,  When the snows melt  etc. This shows that despite losing so much - her home, her grandmother, her way of life - Saeng is still determined to make the best of her situation. She plans on passing her driving test come spring, no matter what. The concluding paragraph is a fitting way to wrap up the story. It was how the thrends of Saeng s past and her present are entwined , and displays her attitude towards the future. With its optimistic words the final paragraph nearly ties up the mood of optimism amidst regret. The author s wording was very well done."	3
"The author concludes the story with this specific paragraph to sum up the realization and determination Saeng obtains. First of all, Saeng starts out upset after failing her test. When she sees the flower and goes to find it at a shop she is overwhelmed by this small reminder of her old home. That small flower made her realize how much she missed her old home and buying it becomes a nessesity for her. She probably felt that with that flower she would always have a little piece of home in this newer world. After realizing that memories are whats  important and seeing that flower s determination to survive a cold winter, she develops the determination to take the test again. She vows to do so because she has gained faith from the flower s survival and her realization of important memories. All in all ,that ending paragraph reveals these specific messages"	3
he concludes the sTory  with his paRagRaph because he wanted To say That he was going To Take The Test again when it was not The winTeR @CAPS1 and show how saeng vowed to heRself By saying that he oR she will take The Test again when it is not winTeR because even @CAPS2 the Test was not passed in winteR and could have been passed duRing when TheRe snow melted in the gRound	1
The author decided to finish the story with that phrase to show that she will wait for her next year and do all this over again. She will be waiting for it and do all this over again. She will be waiting for it and prove that she can do it one more time and that she is used to live there now.	0
"The author concludes the story with this paragraph as a way to say that in due season she will take the test that she failed in the belief that the hibiscus will help her to overcome the obstacles. I believe that she she bought the plant when she failed the test, that she hope that with the blossoming of the plant, I will give her a time table as to when she is ready to try again."	2
I would have to say that the reason that the narrator ended with this is because it is kind of a solution if you think about it. And you don t put the solution any whereelse but the end that is why she put it there.	0
"The author concludes the paragraph like this because it shows that she @MONTH1 not going to give up. I @MONTH1 this because she vowed silently to herself that she was going to take the test again during the spring, also, it was the aiudieres not the gains in old years seeds an ezing. In conclusion they one the reason why the author concludes the paragraph like this."	1
The author concludes with this ending because it because it gives hope. It is like a happy ending to a sad story. It is also her final thought for the story and a good end point.	1
"The author of  Winter Hibiscus  ends the story with this paragraph because it reveals the importance of the Winter Hibiscus. In the story Saeng moves from Vietnam and feels very homesick. She fails her drivers test and is very upset. When she sees the familiar plant she is reminded of her home in Vietnam. The Winter Hibiscus reminds Saeng of fond memories with her grandmother and simple things such as her fine. Toothed buffalo-horn comb and the hibiscus hedge that would leave soft red petals in her well water. When seeing the familiar plant.  Saeng felt a shock recognition so intense, it was almost visceral.  This shows how important the hibiscus was to her. The author ended the story with that paragraph to show how the winter hibiscus is a comfort to Saeng and will encourage her to do better on her next driver s test."	2
The author ends with this paragraph to show gthat Saeng had. Hope. It shows that there is still hope. The ending paragraph makes you  kind of create your own ending for Saeng. I like to imagine Saeng with a big garden next to her and and she passes the test.	1
"The author concludes with this paragraph to show her determination. When she says.   when the snows melt and the geese return and his hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again.  Saeng is explaining how the geese have the determination to fly back and that the hibiscus has the determination to bud again so why shouldn t she have the determination and confidence to take the test again. Saeng said,  I-I failed the test.  It seems as if failing the driving test made her feel like she was going to fail in the new country. But after she saw the geese s and hibiscus s determination through harsh conditions, she was determined to try the test again."	2
"I feel that the author concludes the story with this phrase as a way of showing how Saeng is adopting to her new home, yet still valueing her old one. The gist of the sentence is that Saeng will take her test again in the spring, showing her perseverance. However, the sentence also shows how Saeng is coming to know her new land. She says, when the snows melt and the geese return  this is important because the geese and the snow are of her now home, and she now accepts them. However, Saeng also says,  when this hibiscus is budding,""  and this shows how Saeng is still thinking of her old home, because the plant is her connection to the memories of Vietnam.  Therefore, I feel that the author is showing how Saeng is growing up and living with changes in her life by ending the story with this statement.   "	3
She ends the story with that paragraph because she wants to let everyone know she feels most comfortable in the spring. It also states that she can not wait for the geese and the hibiscus to start budding because it is her favorite time of the year.	1
"The author concludes the story with his paragraph to show how people can regain their determination. In the beginning of the story, Saeng is disheartened after failing her driving test. When she sees the Hibiscus, she is filled with memories of the past and weeps. Her mother's kindness causes Saeng to draw strength from the flower, which, as her mother says, is ""strong enough to make it through the cold months here."" @CAPS1 that the Hibiscus will bud in the spring, Saeng renews her determination to pass the test. "	2
"In the story ""Winter Hibiscus"" is about this girl named Saeng and her mother and grandmother. Flowers are beauitful to them they plant them all day. Picking them, @CAPS1 them.  Saeng did not dare look her mother in the eye     "	0
The author concludes the story with that because she want's to retake the test. Because she wants to pass the test for her mother. So she brought home the flower to apologize to her mother.	1
He author concludes this paragraph in this story because It sounds good and to show the people he is writing it to that no matter what happend s to you in life you should Just keep on doing what you think is best for you. Just like the flower she keeps coming back for more after going through all that s tuff. 	1
The author concludes the story this way for many reasons. One reason is to show Saeng is not going to give up and keep trying to pass her test. Another way is to show that even though your life has changed that don t mean that you have to give up. These are some of the way that the author concludes the story like he does.	1
I believe he used this as the ending to ensure that she was strong and she would do whatever it took to perservere.	0
Thes basically say that he will be around again just like the geese always come back.	0
" When they come back, Saeng vowed silently to herself ,in the spring ,when snows melt and geese return and  this hibiscus is budding ,then I will take the test again  . The author concludes the story with this paragraph because this makes you think about the story after your done reading it."	0
"The author ends the story  Winter Hibiscus  with the passage  When they come back Saeng vowed silently to herself, in the spring when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again.  She is saying how she is going to try to take the test again because of the fact that she failed the first time. I think the hibiscus she bought comforted her and made her think of her home land so she thought when the hibiscus is budding she will take the test again. The plant made her think positivly. And insted of thinking she will fail she is thinking she will pass the next time. I also think Saeng felt comforting her when she was upset and I think that helped her feel alot better."	2
"In the story  Winter Hibiscus,  the author includes this paragraph, when they come back, Saeng vowed silently to herself, in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take the test again, to emphasize that Saeng is willing try plant again in spring. Saeng wants to try planting again in the spring time to prove that she is trying to adapt to the new settings and to prove that she cares about the planting."	0
I know the reason why the author concludes the story the way he dose and  it is a good reason . It says that since she failed this year next year when it is time to ready up the garden she will tell again . That is a good moral because you have to keep trying and trying to succeed   because even if you fail you are not losing any  progress. It is like what @PERSON1 had happen to him even though it took him @DATE1 tries to successfully  make the light bulb he simply said   I just found out @NUM1 ways not to make a light bulb . So I do agree with this author and how he ended the story.  	1
So she saying she will take the test next year.	1
"The author concludes the story with that paragraph because it shows how sometimes you have to wait till the time right for you to try again... For example, In the book it says  Madagascar periwinkle, its tag announced,  How strang to see it in apat,  Back home it just grew wild jutting out from the cracks in brick walls or between roofs.  This shows that anything can be done when the time is right."	2
"The author concludes the story with this paragraph because the hibiscus is motivating her to test for her drivers test. In the spring, when the snows melt, the geese return, and the hibiscus is budding, then she will take that test again. "	1
The author concludes the story this way to show that saeng intends to try again. an example of her trying again is when she sees the plant and relizes what it symbolizes to her. Another example is her saying that she wants to plant the hibiscas herself so that she holds the memories forever. This is why the author concludes the story in this manner.	1
"The author concludes the story with this paragraph to show that she needs to adapt to the new country. She wants to wait when the hibiscus is budding. The plant budding shows than it is adapting to a new environment just like Saeng. The story shows that Saeng is not used to the new country. she cries when she sees the plants because it reminds her of her old home. The plant also comforts her. when she addapts to the new country, then she will take the test again."	2
The author concludes the story with this paragraph @CAPS1 reason why he does is because he wants to conclude by writing about geese. Second he like plants and the season s that they bud. He vowed that he would take that test in the spring. He cant wait until the snow melts so that way he can take the test.	1
"The author concludes the story with this paragraph because it shows that Saeng is getting used to living in a new place. Towards the end of the text, Saeng says that many things she thought were strange before had become familiar to her. The winter hibiscus was comforting, and reminded Saeng of her home. she says  In the spring when the snows melt  because she is beginning to get used to  the quiet repetition of season upon season . The geese, which form a distinctive V are becoming familiar to her. The last paragraph is an effective way to end the story because it shows that saeng is becoming accostumed to her new surroundings and is hopeful the future.     "	2
"The author concludes the story with paragraph because it shows Saeng s sympathy. She wants to help her mom with the garden because she dissappointed her. For instance, she feels bad about upsetting her mom, and while her mom s gardening, she says,  Here, let me help, mother,  because her mom s frail beauty touched her. When Saeng told her mom she failed the driving test, she even knew not to look at her because she was upset, it says,  Saeng didn t dare look her mother in the eye,  which shows Saeng s concern for her mother s reaction. However, in the end, her mother was happy she got it, saying,  It s a beautiful plant, I m glad you got it,  which shows the mother and daughter have a close relationship. This is why Saeng s sympathy to better   herself is shown in the story s conclusion."	1
"The author concludes this story with that paragraph because during winter everything dies down till springs where everything is lively again, the Saeng would feel more motivated to do well on the test. Saeng is sort of like the plant, strives and worries in the winter and then blooms beautifully in the spring.  Also, I think the memories that the winter hibiscus plant brought her; motivated  her to stop staying in the past and move on towards the future."	2
"THE AUTHOR MUST LIKELY INTENDED TO SHOW THE HOPEFUL ENLIGHTENMENT OF SAENG'S COMPLEX DILEMMA. IN THE PHRASE, ""WHEN THEY COME BACK"" THE AUTHOR MUST LIKELY REFERS TO THE HIBISCUS FLOWERS THAT REPRESENT THE FOND MEMORIES OF HER HOMELAND. THE AUTHOR ILLUSTRATES SAENG'S STRUGGLE ADAPTING TO HER NEW LIFE THROUGH A  TEST  OF PLANTING THE BUDS JUST AS SHE HAD DONE BACK HOME WITH HER GRANDMOTHER. THIS TEST REPRESENTS THE ACHIEVEMENT OF ADAPTATION TO HER NEW LIFE. FOR THAT REASON, THE AUTHOR CONCLUDED HER STORY WITH THE PARAGRAPH INDICATING SAENG WILL INDEED TAKE THAT TEST AGAIN."	2
"The author concludes the story wt this passage because its symbolic. When the Geese come back in the spring it will be like a now beginning. When the Hibiscus is budding it has a new life. When all this happens Saeng will have a new fresh start too. Leaving the story to end like this is a cliff-hanger for some. It makes you wanting more, knowing she failed her test you want to know if Saeng will pass it in the spring, @CAPS1 a fresh new start. Everything and everyone will have new starts when the beginning of the new season comes around when the hibiscus blooms it will be like she has the new ability to overcome obstacles, new connections w/her past and comfort during hard times. The Hibiscus symbolizes all this"	3
She concluded the paragraph with that paragraph to show that she is serious about her gardening and that she won t garden until geese come back.	1
The author concludes in the story that Saeng failed a winter test and because of her love of the hibiscus plant spring will help her take test.	1
"The author views the hibiscus plant as a new start. For example, when she says  In the spring, whch the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again.  @CAPS1 she failed the first time and got the plant the next time she ll pass it."	1
The story  Winter Hibiscus  is a good-day story about a foreign girl trying to adapt to @LOCATION1. She likes tropical flowers. The reason why the author chose to write the last paragraph like that is because it finishes the story right. That ending when the goes man away and the flowers start to grow she will try to fit in the spring.	1
"The author concludes the story with the paragraph,  When they come back, Saeng vowed silently to herself in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again.  The author does this for several reasons. The author wants to show you that Saeng still has hope and that she believes she can make it right. Also, to show Saeng will still try and adapt to her surrounding and make friends. Saeng is also, determined that she will pass the test next time she takes it. Last it is emphazing the conflict and how Saeng overcame it."	2
I really do not know why the author concludes the story with this paragraph. Possibly because she started to talk.	0
The author concludes the story with that last paragraph to set the final mood. The author wanted to show that Saeng will not give up and she will continue to adapt to her new surroundings. It made the end of the story feel warm and it also inspired. The end of the story encourages the reader to not give up as well. The last paragraph sets an example of how the reader can vow to improve as well. The author knew that the last paragraph would stand as an inspiration and mabe help a reader going through something similar to the story.	1
The reason I think author concludes this story with this last paragraph is because this is @CAPS1 passion. And that Saeng is very and will do this every year. She really love plants and she will wait to do it again. The last paragraph really showed a lot of dedication. And she really values the spring and the Hibiscus. 	0
"The author concludes with this because she is determined to pass the driving test that she had previously failed. For example, She writes  she vowed silently to herself.  When you vow to do something it usually means that you are very determined to do something. Everything else that she says after that she really means it. Therefore, that is why the author concludes with this sentence, in order to show her devotion to her goal."	1
"The author concludes the story with this paragraph because of her sadness  for what she did. The test she was telling about was how she was supposed to use the twenty dollars they had and buying one. Big @CAPS1  that she spent most of money besides after to buy a plant which reminded her at home and this last paragraph is saying that when she has the chance to do the  test  again, that she will do what she is supposed to do "	1
The author concludes with this paragraph because she/he wanted to close the story with a conclusion that portrays the story. The author talked about the hibiscus in the story as a  comfort in time of distress  a hobby or thing she likes doing with her spear time. In conclusion the author concludes with that paragraph for the reasons stated in the @ORGANIZATION1	0
"The author concludes story with that paragraph because she wants there to be hope for the future seeing that hibiscus budding in the spring is what Saeng is waiting for. It gives her hope that she will be able to pass that test again. This is showed when she says  .. and this  hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again,   @CAPS1 the winter ,Saeng hopes she will improve and when the hibiscus  buds she will know that it is time to try again .Saeng sees the spring as a new beginning. So that means it is a time to overcme her obstade.I think that obstade or test might be to not cry when she thinks about her old life in Vietnam. When she accomplishes this, she is growing just like the hibiscus     "	3
"In the story ""Winter Hibiscus"", by Minfong Ho, a teenager, Saeng, moves from Vietnam to the United states. She later takes a drivers test, but doesn't not succeed in passing, but does succeed in finding comfort from her memories of her homeland. The last paragraph states ""When they come back, Saeng vowed silently to herself, in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again."" The author concludes the story with this paragraph for many raesons. These being that Saeng was very upset about failing her test and was reminded of her homeland and the changes she's had to adapt to during this move. The hibiscus plant gives Saeng a hope to continue her jouney even when things get very hard. The winter is this plants time of trouble and sadness, as Saeng's time of trouble and sadness is failing this test and not being at her real home. The end of winter gives both the plant and Saeng a chance to start over and a renewed hope to start over, Saeng will find it easy to get through hardships if she continues to find comfort from her past."	3
I think the author concludes the story with this paragraph for many reasons.	0
"The author chose to end the story with this paragraph because it shows that Saeng is starting to adjust to her new home and that she will not give up. You can tell that she still misses her homeland by her reaction to seeing the hibiscus plant, but also that she is growing accustomed to her new home because of how she recognizes the geese and will make the decision if when to retake the driving test based on their migration patterns."	2
The author concludes with this paragraph because it fits along with a lot of the story and sums it up well. In the story the hibiscus means a lot to Saeng. Durring the story she relates a lot of memories to the hibiscus. It reminds her of her home and her past so it plays an important role. When she planting it it s winter and the hibiscus hasen t bloomed yet. So by saying that she will take the test again when it is budding is like saying she will take the test again when its budding again. She is pretty much acting the same as the flower once again showing its importance. And thats why I think the author ended with that paragraph.	2
"The author concludes the story with this  paragraph  because,Saeng  is determined  to  pass the test. She knows when its spring and the hibiscus is budding, she will retake the test I think she wants to retake the test because  the  hibiscus makes her think about her homeland. It makes her feel more confident. She thinks she can pass it next time. The hibiscus  makes  her  happy and overwhelmed. She wants to retake the test. She s sure she will do better next time."	2
The author concludes the story with this paragraph because it still shows how determined saeng is to take the test again and pass it this time. By ending this story with the paragraph the author is creating suspense is probably for a sequel of another story.	1
The story concludes that paragraph because its tell you that there changes in the weather and season as much as there is in your life. That you have to sometime deal with changes in your life. The test might be one to see if she can understand her self. There changes in the weather all the time there changes in the spring fall she other that you just got to get over.	1
I think what the author is trying to say is that she will take her driving test again in the spring when the flowers are out because it will make her feel more relaxed. The flowers put the author in a relaxed state of mind where she can focus.	1
"The author includes this last paragraph in the story,  Winter Hibiscus  to show that the main character still has hopes and has not given up on her new lifestyle. During the story, the main character Saeng reminisces on her not so distant past memories of her native home in Vietnam when she recognizes a certain plant from her country. This is important in the story because Saeng is still unhappy about moving to @LOCATION2 and she begins to cry as she walks home, having bought the plant, to her mother.  A wave of loss so deep and strong that it stung Saeng s eyes now swept over her.  Saeng s mother understood how she was feeling, and she was not dissapointed in her for failing her driving test either. Her mother made Saeng feel better by planting the familiar Hibiscus into the garden right away. The last paragraph of the story gives hope to the reader that Saeng will not give up her strength to live a different life in @LOCATION2 that she is not used to.  When the snows melt, and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again.  It is as if Saeng is vowing that in time, she will be happy with her new life, not just passing a driving test. The Winter Hibiscus stands as a symbol for Saeng to be strong in the new country while still remembering her old life in Vietnam.    "	3
"The author of Winter Hibiscus ended the story with the paragraph,  when they came back, saeng vowed silently to herself, in the spring, when the snowsmelt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again.  She did this because she bought the flower when she failed the test so when the flower blooms she will take the test again."	1
"The author includes the story with this paragraph because since Saeng failed her drivers test for the first time when the hibiscus starts to bud it will represent a change in her life. Also, Saeng use to have hibiscus flowers at her old home in Vietnam so when the flower buds it could show that she has a new home. "	1
Because her school work was the whole reason as to why she was studying flowers in a green garden. And it is obvious she failed the test so when spring starts to show she will retake the test because the flowers will bloom and she can do more study to pass the test and not have to take it again. I get the feeling though she is also looking forward to the spring time coming back now an day so she can enjoy the flowers and the presents of growing and studying.	1
I think the author wrote that because maybe that how she fells like in the winter she could really show people who she is but when spring come out she like a flower that has been dead all winter  	0
The paragraph shows that Saeng has a lot of feelings for her plants. She enjoys plants and she loves taking the time to spend with the plants. She means in that last paragraph that she cant wait for winter to leave so her plants will be budding and that she can enjoy her plants.	0
The author concludes the Story with this paragraph because I guess her grandma died while the geese were flying. Or thats when the flowers start to bloom.	0
"The author concludes the story with ""when they come back, Saeng vowed silently to herself...,"" because it offers the reader a conclusion. That passage means that Saeng will try talking her drivers test again once she has adjusted to her new life in a new country. Once she can find familiarity in her surroundings she will feel more at home. Throughout the story, her detatchment from Vietnam makes her feel alone. The hibiscus plant is what first offers her a sense of comfort, ""It felt smooth and cool... just as she had known it would feel."" The ending paragraph shows that Saeng will find more comfort in @LOCATION2 than just a plant and a couple of geese."	3
The author concludes the story with this paragraph because Saeng wants to start planting again. I know this because Saeng life revolves around planting and @CAPS1. Saeng and her mother get there food from what they plant. So all @DATE1 they spend most there time in the garden. growing crops to sell and save. They save for winter and sell to get there equiement to continue whot they do. The part she talking about in the paragraph that say  when they come back  talking about the geese. She loves the geese flying over her head and landing in the yard when she outside on a beauttiful day @CAPS1. when The snow melts she wants to  get back at in the soil on her hands and knee to start planting again. Once the hibiscus start budding everything else starts growing. Saeng live revolves around @DATE1 planting. The author put this paragraph in the story because this is what saeng wants to do more than anything.	1
"The author of ""winter Hibiscus"" concludes the story determined to pass the test after the winter is over and the flower is budding. This shows the correction between the plant and the narrator and the hardships of each. The winter represents an obstacle for the flower, but it will live through it to thrive in the spring. This gives the author confidence that she too can make it through her hardships to thrive. Another hardship that she and the hibiscus both @CAPS1 is being ""root bound."" The author misses her home oF Vietnam very much. However, both oF them must and will adOpt to their new environments.."	3
The author concludes the story with this paragraph. Because she wants to come back an an do smell test again when the snow melts and the geese return.	0
The author concludes the story with this paragraph because she was saying that if it is possible for these things to happen then she should be able to take the test and pass it. She was comparing things together that she knew that do noot go together. For example she said that in spring when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding then she would take the test over. She meant that if the thing she likes the most overcomes its obstacle then she would do what hurted her the most over again. She doesn t know if she takes the test over she would keep trying over and over until she passes it. In the story she doesn t know to fit in. All she knows is what she learned in her country . All she have to do is try harder and she maybe will be able to pass his test .	2
"The authar concludes the story with the paragraph they because it shows saeng determination and her overcoming her obstacles of being new in a country. With all of the doubts saeng had right after her test it is very big of her to come to this conclusion of retaking the test,  Here, let me help you mother,she offered  (HO). With her mom comforting her and telling her it is @CAPS1, gives saeng the boost she needs to help her mother and think to herself that she can t let just one thing hold her back in life. the support saeng has she will definetly pass the test the next time."	2
"In the end of the story they say that she will take the test over again, in the spring when the geese come back from the winter fly. What they are saying is that she will make a fresh start in the spring when the geese come back, so she would just be starting all over again fresh new start to a new year and a new time to study for the big test and time to regroup from the last test that she took and failed the test she will just get a new start and a new chance to do something over again. Her mom was in disbelief when she found out that she failed the test, her mom said to her that it will be ok and you can take it over again, in a new season,"	2
"The author concludes the story with the main character vowing to take the drivers test again to symbolize moving forward.   Saeng felt a shock of recognition so inffuse, it was almost visceral.  A  pone stumbling to a florist shop the main character sees a flower that reminded her of her home land, Vietnam.  Here, let me help, mother.  In relieving  her mother in the task of planting the seed that she had bought she began to mature. After reflecting on the memories of her past and coming to peace with there   there   was nothing left stoping   her from moving  forward.  when   they come back  I will take that test again.  As she sees   geese migrating south for the winter in a v formation she sets a goal for herself and uses that goal as a tool to help herself grow and move foward in the new country she s in. The main character vowing in  Winter Hibiscus  symbolizes moving   foward."	3
"Why the author concludes the story with this paragraph is pretty much to say in the spring when the plant starts over Saeng will start over to. The story shows that this is the meaning because Saeng was having a really hard winter and was having a hard time adjusting to all of the new things, but in the spring she can start over just like the hibiscus will."	1
"In the story, ""Winter Hibiscus,"" by @CAPS1 Ho, the authorconcludes the story with, ""when they come back, Saeng vowed silently to herself, in the spring, when the snows melt. and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again'' because the hibiscus represents hope and adapting to circumstances. Saeng is trying to adapt to the new changes in herlife but nothing is working out for her.""She found that she was still too shaky to say the words at home, lest she burst in to tears again.""@CAPS2, the Hibiscus makes her life easier because it reminds her of her homeland, @CAPS3 it gives her hope, ""look how root-bound it is, poor thing, '''the root-bound represents Saeng inher new country. Unwilling to try anything, and getting scared but assoon as Saeng and her mother plant the hibiscus, Saeng realizes that by planting it, she is going to try to love her new life in @LOCATION1 and in spring when the hibiscus and Saeng is ready to blossom, she will start trying to accept life."	3
"The author concludes the story with this paragraph or quote to get the readers something to think about at the end of the reading. For example, It lets the reader now that the person will continue to grow plant when the winter is done."	0
The author concludes the story with that paragraph because it makes the story longer and it gives it a good ending but I have no idea on what that means so the author should explain what it means not me.	0
"The author concludes the story with the paragraph because this paragraph represent saeng s determination and the situation she has now. She just come to the new country and she haven t adjusted herself to this new country yet. She was disappointed like  mashaft of the war afternoon starlight.   war  showed saeng was ery upset. After she met the flower, she thought of her old country, her homeland she missed it. She felt that life was full of hope again. She knew she should adjust herself in the new situation she was still too shaky to say the words at home. Last she burst into tears again. She missed her homelad very much  snows"" symbolized the difficult situation she had now. But she believed she could overcome the situation and life was full of hope.  spring  symbolized the hope to the new life saeng thought things would get better in the spring. She would succeed in the spring. She had the determination to succeed, so the author uses that paragraph at conclusion. It symbolizes hope."	3
The author used that paragraph in order to create imagry. The author wants you to get an image of the story. She also used that paragraph to express her emotions.	0
"The author concludes the story with this paragraph because he wants us to know that she will regain her confidence when the ""hibiscus is budding"" and take another slot at the driving test. He doesn't want to just leave us hanging with the girl watching the geese fly away into the distance. The girl felt very bad about failing the test which makes the reader feel sad. To cheer up the reader, he ended the story in this way. Saeng is reminded of home when ""the geese return and this hibiscus is budding,  So, the author ends the story having Saeng have a sense of renewed confidence and the reader feeling happy."	2
"This story is all about overcoming hardships and disappointments as well as accepting and adapting to the things life throws at people, so it is appropriate that the story is ended with a goal and a determined attitude. Throughout the atire reading, Saeng sought comfort in the things most familiar to her, such as flower and the taste of bitter melon. She was hurting and disappointed, and those things were the only things that gave her peace. It was those things that save her the courage she needed to retake her driver s test in the spring, so it seems fitting that she end the story with the mention of the hibiscus. The end paragraph also shows that Saeng is adapting well to her new country. She says,  when they come back... in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese return...  At first the sounds of geese were alien to her, but now she has accepted their honking as a normal sound. This implies that she is learning to accept her new country, which is the perfect way to end the story."	0
"The author of  Winter Hibiscus  probably chose to end the story that way because then it s ending with a sense of hope. Also, it is showing how Saeng is adapting to her surroundings much like the winter hibiscus. In the second last paragraph, Saeng hears the hanks of the geese and it is noted that their sound has become familiar to her through the course of the time Saeng probably vowed to retake the test when the geese returned because the time would allow her to grow and adapt even more. The hibiscus will be budding then, a sign that it overcame its obstacles and was successful in adopting. If the hibiscus could adapt, Saeng could too. She could look to the plant for inspiration. This feeling of hope in Saeng and her future is left in the last paragraph, which is why the story ends there."	3
"The author concludes with that paragraph because it expresses and continues the theme of perserverance and adapting to change. The conclusion mentions the  test  again. From the reading, one can conclude that this test that the author refers to is Saeng s confrontation of memories of home without feeling the breakdown from loss. Saeng says earlier in the story that she  failed the test , having broken down in tears after looking at all the Familiar plants that had been at home. By concluding with this paragraph which says she will take the test again, it shows that Saeng is going to continue to try to adapt to her new home and feel at peace here, instead of feeling the tremendous loss of her old home. It shows the theme of perserverance because she is going to take the test again and try to overcome the feeling of sorrow."	3
"The author concludes the last paragraph to show that after a time period you can come back and try something again. Or maybe when weather change this can be different for Saeng. Maybe she is relating herself to the plant as to when it come to spring  the flower will be stronger, and she feel that she will pass the test second time around when the geese come back and the hibiscus is budding. And it also shows how she appriate the nature because if not, why would she wait until spring and when the snow is melting. The conclusion of the story is that she do like nature, because she talk about the hibiscus."	2
The author concluded the story in the paragraph. She doesn t want Saeng vows the whole room to herself where it s quite when she is taking the test.	0
The author ends the story this way for a few reasons. First it shows that she is starting to like this new life. Also it is an ending that is open. It shows her liking her new life for a few reasons.  She realized that many of the things that she had thought strange before had become  almost familiar now  that is when she starts to see that her new life in the @LOCATION1 is not so bad. This is about the geese and is referred back to when she vows to take the test. Also it shows how the hibiscus she just planted is already important to her. The second thing it does is dreams about future conclusions. The reader does not know if she will pass the test next time but assumes that she will because of the way she vows it. That is why the author ends this story the way they did. To show how she feels in her new life and leave an opening for people to draw conclusions.	3
At this time she vowed to retake a test cause of how the flowers will always come and go but her grades will be there only one time for her school work. Instead  she rather garden then do school work.	0
"The author concludes this story by saying this statement because the author want you to feel like the character in the book is determined. The ator is trying to put across a statement saying  get through then try again. The character is not giving up, and she will get through the test eve though its hard."	1
The author concludes the story that way so she can keep everyone wondering. I belive she ended that way to let us know that she will be back and when she comes back she will be ready for everything including that test. She left us wondering because when she does come back she is going to want use to Read about what happened when she came back and what happened when she @CAPS1 the test. She only made that vowe to herself nobody else because if she did she would have let them down if she failed. That is why she concludes the story that way.	3
"I believe that the author concludes the story with this paragraph for alot of different reasons. One reason why the author could have concluded the story with this paragraph is because she might try it again. A second reason why the author could have concluded the story with this paragraph is because she probably wanted to try to make her mother proud. A third reason why the author could have concluded the story with this paragraph is because she probably really felt that she really disappointed herself. In conclusion, if you mess up on something, try again maybe you will do alot better.     "	1
"The author concludes the story with this @CAPS1 the author wants to show Saeng hasn t given up. Easly in the story Saeng goes to the green house and starts to cry. When she gets home she says to her mother,  I-I failed the test.  @CAPS1 of this Saeng wanted to go back and try again. That is why the author ended with that paragraph."	1
"I think the author concludes the story with the phase  when they come back, Saeng vowed silently to herself, in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again  I there saying that they will be ready for them the next time they come back."	0
She can t wait till the flowers start to come back when the snow melts so it isn t very cold out so they grow and she is going to take her test that she has failed when the geese and flowers come back.	1
"The author wrote the ending paragraph the way she did for many reasons. The main reason for this is because she wanted to end the story on a lighter note. All throughout the story there was depresing nogistalistic tone that made the reader yearn for the past. The author wanted to put on emphisis on being strong even though you @MONTH1 not enjoy where you are at. Also the author wanted to show the strength of the main of the main character Saeng. Even though she has just failed a test in a new, strange world she still wishes to continue pushing foward. This adds more demension the the character and makes her less static and more dynamic. This is a very good story to read if you are homesick and need something to push you forward."	2
"In the story  Winter Hibiscus  by Minfong Ho, the author concludes the paragraph in that way to convey the determination and new found motivation Saeng found by buying the familiar plant. Although she failed her test, finding a plant that reminded her of her home and her grandmother instilled motivation in her to try the test again, she wanted to make her new home in a new country workout for the better, no matter what.  She lifted her head and watched as their distinctive u was etched against the evening sky ...  the author included details about the geese to represent moving on. The geese will go, and come back, just like Saeng. She failed the test the first time, but getting the plant and seeing the birds motivated her to try again.  Almost reluctantly she realized that many of the things that she thought of as strange before had become ...familiar to her.  The geese were one of the things mentioned that has become very familiar to her, in her new home. Concluding the stay with a bit about the geese conveys to the reader that she is slowly but surely learning how to adapt to her strange new home. Finding the plant helped her, because it was already familiar to her.  Saeng felt a shock of recognition so intense, it was almost visceral.  @CAPS1, Saeng said.   After failing her driver s test, walking into the florist s shop and finding that plant comforted her. It made this new place feel closer to home than it did at first. The geese had become familiar over time, and finding the plant was simply comforting. Concluding the story that way showed the reader that she was adapting and learning to deal with a tough situation in a comforting way.  "	3
"The author concludes the story with that paragraph, because he wants the emphasize that the girl is not completly dissatisified with leaving her home. He ended with that because he wanted to she that their is hope for her to learn to love her new home."	1
"The author concludes the story with this paragraph because it shows Saeng wants to take the test again, but she wants to take the test again when everything else good and happy returns like the plant and the geese. This is true because Saeng says ""When they (geese) come back  and this hibiscus is budding I will take the test."" This shows her maturity and happiness and happiness. She wants to do something hard and maybe even not fun when everything else returns and is happy. Just as when she came, she was sad, but when the geese and plant comes back she wants to help them through this and make them happy too. This way they all can be happy at the same time."	1
I would say that the author concluded this story ently paragraph because they wanted to be very consist. They wanted the reader to have a very good example and understanding of the text. In brief words.	0
I think the author ended the story like that because she enjoys to see the geese and she loves the spring and wants to take the test and pass. Sh is studying for it in the mean time.	1
"In the short story  Winter Hibiscus  by Minfong Ho, the author conclude the story with that special paragraph in order to mutul Saeng s game for wanting to be home but also to show that she is learning to overcome obstacles. Saeng wishes that she way in her homeland, and keeps up reffiring to it because she wants it back.  I mean, it s not like the one we had at-at-,  Saeng continues to stumble because she doesn t wish to mention home because it brought her to tears. In addition, were she mentions the  test , it makes to her buyin a fake test. It s - it s not a real one . She refuses to buy a real one because it reminds her of the driving test and how sad she already is. The test reffs to both the plant and the driver s test. Saeng also ends with this vow because the flower represent hope to her, ""... and this hibiscus is budding, I will take that test . The emotions test of both of the situations she is is will allow her to be stronger. This vow at the end of the story shows her willing up to be strong and come through in the end."	3
"I think that the author concluded the story with this paragraph because this whole story was sweet and left a beautiful picture in your head with like about every sentence. So why not end it in paragraph like,  when they come back, Saeng vowed silently to herself in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again.  Now tell that wasn t beautiful."	0
The author concludes the story with this paragraph. He concludes with this paragraph because that s how the girl feel. She feel that in the spring she can do better then what she did.	1
One it could mean she can only take the test in the spring. But also because her surroundings during that period relaxed heR. When she was dissapointed and @CAPS1 about her driving failing grade.	1
"The author concludes the story with that statement because it shows that you can allways start clean you should never give up when you realy want something. The daniter realy wanted to pass the test so she worked hard but she failed it. She knows like the plant spring will offer a new braining in life and you can always change something you dont like about yourself. I stongly agree with this statement because if you didn t have a secound chance most people would all be losers because everyone makes mistakes, in there like and everyone has the over thniky to fix them. This is why I belive the author concludes this statement of the end of the story."	2
"The author concluded the story with that specific paragraph about geese to show that Saeng is going to try to overcome her obstacles. She was @CAPS1 disappointed in failing the test so she took comfort in memories of her homeland. She bought a hibiscus that she saw in her homeland a lot, and that flower @CAPS2 comfort and affection. But it also @CAPS2 her ability to come over obstacles, and while she was planting her hibiscus, and saw the geese flying above, she knew she had to try again."	2
"I believe that the author chose to conclude the story with that paragraph to illustrate the oevrall message of the story. That paragraph sums up the message of determination and overcoming obstacles. Saeng is coming from another country and is facing challenges not only in the garden, but in her life as well. She had to learn how to adjust to her new surroundings and never give up on what she wanted to accomplish. So, by saying ""in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take that test again,  she truly shows her determination and how shes not afraid to overcome obstacles that will face her. "	2
"The  author includes that sentence of the end of the story because through out the story it was showing  courage,and that explains her getting better and showing  courage that she is going to go back and try to pass that test and not letting it get her down that she failed the first time."	1
The author concludes the story with that paragraph because Saeng failed the test and next time that time of year comes back around she will have another chance to pass the test. I say that because in the text it states that she paid over @MONEY1 for it all of the vegetable seeds in the garden didn t even cost that much. That is why I say she concluded with that paragraph.	1
"The author of  Winter Hibiscus  concludes the story with a resolution of Saeng in order to show how Saeng will not give up and how she is determined. The reference to the spring blossoms shows how Saeng will fight to survive through the hardships, which are represented by winter. Just like the hibiscus that struggles to adapt to a new home, Saeng is struggling to adapt to a new country the final paragraph provides a resolution to the internal conflict of Saeng throughout the story by suggesting that Saeng will succeed in taking the test. In conclusion, the final paragraph in the story  Winter Hibiscus  provides a resolution to the conflict in the story, and shows the reader Saeng s determination."	2
"At the end of ""Winter Hibiscus,"" the author, Minfong Ho, concludes the story through stating,  when they come back, Saeng vowed silently to herself, in the spring, when the snow melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then I will take the test again. The author ends the story in such a way in order to reveal the hope that lies in Saeng's future. After failing her drivers's test, Saeng returns home with disappointment and sadness. This last paragraph, however, shows that soon enough Saeng's luck will change. The reader is left with a hint that Saeng will retake her test and pass. Also, this ending paragraph reflects upon Saeng's determined personality to overcome many obstacles she is @CAPS1. This paragraph proves she will not give up even after she was forced to live in the United states instead of her home. Her success in fitting in with her new life is shown when through the quote, ""Almost reluctantly she realized that many of the things that she thought of as strange before. had become... almost familiar"". Truly Saeng is a determined character."	3
"The reason why the authour concluded the story with this paragraph because when Saeng saw the geese she knew that when spring comes back around she would be ready to get different flowers. Also she thinks back to when she was in her homeland she could see when the flower s grew up from the ground. Although now that she is in the city she thinks the flowers will blossom like the ones back home where she misses alot. Lastly, she describes the flowers as her friends. She also remembers the  Madagascar periwinkle  growing wild out from the cracks in brick walls or tiled roofs. Basically the authour says that she is ready to look for other plants that she remembers from her homeland.  "	1
The author concludes this story with the few words  then I will take that test again.  because she wanted us to know that she is not going to give up on something she failed once. She is going to keep going until she succeeds with passing  the test. 	1
"I think the author concludes the story with this paragraph, because when the snow melts and the geese return, she going to have higher confidence in taking and passing the test. After she failed the test later on in the story the geeses had flew away. So when the geese return the geese will remind her of what had just now happened. When the snow melts and spring comes the hibiscus flower will bloom once again."	1
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because it sounds like a interesiting ending paragraph that have something to do with the story	0
"The author concludes the story with this sentence because she wanted to make a comparison between flowers and the test. To finish with this shows she will try season after season just like geese come back every year. Since she tries to make a??? Shows she hasn t given up she will keep trying year after year. Also, it says that this girl is determined and she won t stop trying till she gets it right. Next, this last paragraph can tell you about the whole story. Lastly, I think it gives a feeling for the whole story."	2
The author concludes the story with this paragraph because she probably doesn t want the snow to melt so that the geese wouldnt return. Also I think it wants to inform the reader about what Saeng was thinking.	0
