"Well ima tell a story about the time i got @CAPS3 down town. When i was heading down town to go meet some body it was cold,dark and just creepy. So on my way there i thought i went to far so i got the bus and was like were am i? I was counfused and like what the heck. Then i ask some one were am i at, the man said your down town i said i know just never mind i walked away kind mad like ugh. So i just called thenm and see were she was at the phone rings then she pick up. Were are you i said, she said down tonw i was like oh my gosh i know but never mind she was like were you at then i said some were in down town. Then she said stupid @CAPS2 on the bus and come down more so i waited for like @NUM1 then the bus comes and i was glad. Then i called her sayin im on the bus on the way she said okay @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 she said i was laughing and said okay i wont. When i @CAPS2 there they laughed at me and i was just like thats not funny i coulda got snacked or raped or it coulda been even more bad. Well thats what you @CAPS2 they said i was like yea yea i know whatever lol. Later that night was like i wont some candy so they showed me ow to @CAPS2 to the store is at so i was like ima go and the last words i heard i heard was @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3! i smiled. Well on my way to the store i was cold and listing to music then i @CAPS2 to the store and look around then my phone rings. Hello i said it was that girl she said i just wonted to make shure your not @CAPS3 i said i got this im not gonna @CAPS2 @CAPS3. @NUM2 mins laster im walking out and was looking around like were am i?? i was like oh no not this again i just started to walk the way i came from and didnt see the hose so i went the othere way and i was like gosh im @CAPS3 again? yeah i am. so i didnt wont her to know i was @CAPS3 so i didnt call her and tried to find my own way back but i couldnt so i just tried to think then @NUM3 mins went by she callled. Sooo... darrio she said i answer whats hannin she said you @CAPS3 huh? i laughed no why you say that i asked she was like im looking at you and your going the wrong way i looked back and started to laugh. She came up to me and said you was @CAPS3 i said no i was just getting some air she was like yeah okay darrio you was with a smile i was thinking lke next time ima ask her to come with me i smiled. When we got to her house they laughed again and i just said okay i got @CAPS3 and we all laughed for like @NUM4 mins then just chill. Then i was like its hot in here then i open the wendow they said its cold so i was like okay i closed the window back and went out side for a min. My phone rings i pick up the girl said @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 i was like shut up im not im on the front porch she said soo... your slow you might @CAPS2 @CAPS3 still i laughed and hung up and went in said and we all laughed. Then that hole night was about me getting losted and not know were i was going and yeah thats it."	26
"    ""Laughter is the best medicine."" The phrase almost everyone has heard before. But it'@CAPS20 true! I've had days when all I could think about was how @CAPS23 life sucked, or at least seemed to. The days when you feel like everything is going wrong, and nothing could make it worse... And that'@CAPS20 when one of @CAPS14 best friends will make me laugh. I'll laugh so hard I'm on the verge of @CAPS19 @CAPS14 pants and @CAPS14 eyes water. I'll laugh so hard no sound comes out, @CAPS14 sides cramp and I fall on the floor. They make me laugh so hard, sometimes I think that even if I was in a coma, they'd say something so funny that I'd sit straight up in the hospital bed and @CAPS21 laugh the huge belly laugh that sometimes escapes me.    There was this particular time when @DATE1, @CAPS1 and I were feeling more giggly than usual. It tends to happen a lot when we're together, but this time was way different than the others. We staggered to @CAPS1'@CAPS20 house flushed and giddy at how funny everything was. You know how it is when you and your best friends @CAPS9 @CAPS21 @CAPS13 so tickled by each other? Those times when you glance at your friend and @CAPS21 as you've begun to calm down, you see her pinched expression from trying not to laugh, and you lose it all over again. If you've ever had the pleasure of experiencing these silly moments, try imagining that feeling for hours at a time. I'm pretty sure I developed a whole new set of abdominal muscles that day, if that gives you any idea how hard we were laughing.    Anyway, we stumbled into her house, trying to get serious, since we did have to do at least some of our homework. Of course we were starving after all that laughing, so @CAPS1 told @ORGANIZATION1 and me that we could get some cereal. @CAPS21 regular milk and cereal, right? There'@CAPS20 nothing @CAPS22 special about @CAPS4'n @CAPS5 (besides that it'@CAPS20 freaking delicious). But on that day, everything was out of the ordinary, especially the milk. It was the most amazing milk I'd ever tasted, and I @CAPS6, @CAPS6, @CAPS6, milk, so that had to mean something. ""@CAPS7 this milk is so good! @CAPS13 @CAPS14 @CAPS8!"" @ORGANIZATION1 exclaimed. I swear she was about to choke on her own spoon, she was eating so fast. ""@CAPS9 you kidding me with this? What kind of milk do you buy?!"" I blurted out. For some reason that milk was really extraordinary, and it was seriously blowing @CAPS14 mind. ""@CAPS10, I don'@CAPS17 know. Two percent?""@CAPS1 looked at us incredulously, a curious eyebrow raised at our inquiries. Her expression made us all fall apart in peals of laughter. Now whenever one of us brings it up, we still laugh like it @CAPS21 happened.    @TIME1, it happened. @CAPS1 peed her pants, and not @CAPS21 a little. It wasn'@CAPS17 @CAPS21 the idle threat rushed out, the ""@CAPS12'mgoingtopee!"" squeal. @CAPS13 no. She actually peed herself, and I still @CAPS16'@CAPS17 even remember what I said to make her laugh that hard. All I know is suddenly (scaring me half way to death), she yelled out, ""@CAPS13 @CAPS14 @CAPS8 I @CAPS16'@CAPS17 @CAPS18 @CAPS19! THERE'@CAPS20 @CAPS21 @CAPS22 @CAPS23 @CAPS24!!"" I whipped around and saw @CAPS1, red-faced and open-mouthed, supporting herself against the counter. She looked like the freaking @CAPS26 @CAPS27 of @LOCATION1 all bent over like she was. Her eyes were closed tight, crinkling at the corners, a few stray tears escaping as she tried to hold in shrieks of (apparently) crippling laughter. It took me a second to realize what was going on, and then I was totally straight out laughing at her; pointing and laughing @CAPS14 shoulder-shake laugh, and it only made her laugh harder. Still laughing, she did a penguin-type run down the hall to the bathroom, where @DATE1 was. @CAPS1, in her wet jeans and with a red, tear streaked face, burst through the bathroom door, looking slightly bewildered and amused with what @CAPS21 happened. So naturally, @ORGANIZATION1 laughed at the sight of her, in her comically delirious state. Who wouldn'@CAPS17 have?   The fact that we @CAPS16 always laugh at each other and ourselves is why I love @CAPS14 friends . It'@CAPS20 great when you have people that you @CAPS16 laugh about everything and nothing with. @CAPS1 is practically a walking ego boost because she laughs at every joke, and @ORGANIZATION1'@CAPS20 pretty clever when it comes to thinking of them. Personally, I love laughing, especially with (and mostly at) @CAPS14 best friends.    "	43
" These days you don't really need a reason to laugh. Laughter just radiates out of some people as frequent as a breath of air. I believe that everyone has someone they can laugh with because everyone has someone they enjoy being around. One of the people I enjoy being around most is my best friend @PERSON1. No matter what the situation, whenever we are around each other we end up having fun. Laughter can turn a bad day completely around. One of my most recent examples of the power of laughter happened just a few weeks ago. One of my, ""friends"", tried to play a cruel joke on me that ended up being a bigger mistake than she could have imagined. Once I had figured out that this person whom I once trusted was trying to spite me I became overwhelmed with my emotions. At one point I actually considered attacking this girl right in the middle of every one in school. Thankfully I used my better judgment to run away from her, and hide instead of hurt her. Half of the class period progressed and I was still very upset and unprepared to confront her. So there I stayed safe in hiding until my best friend found me. @PERSON1 had come to comfort me after she got wind of what happened. She talked to me until I calmed down and my tears stopped. She made me feel much better. Her just being there for me, and being able to remonis in the fun times we had together and the laughs we shared, seemed to make all my problems disappear. Eventually she convinced me to go talk to my,""friend"", who as it turns out was ashamed of herself for her actions. We were able to make up and return to a somewhat normal life. To this day and more than likely for the rest of my life I will believe that laughter is the best medicine. I guess I'm lucky in that I have found the best person in life for me to share all of my laughter with. Every body has to have a somebody."	38
" Sometimes I wonder why people laugh. People laugh when something is funny or when things @CAPS3 awkward and they aren't sure what else to do. Often people laugh when they @CAPS3 embarrassed or offended. I, actually, find myself laughing for no reason on occasion. if I can make someone laugh I usually feel very accomplished. I think it personally shows emotions out loud. But, in some cases, you laugh uncontrollably at yourself. Every year, since i moved here six and @DATE1, my two cousins and my sisters and I have gone ""cheese ball caroling"" with our grandparents around @CAPS1 time. Even after my grandpa died in @DATE4 and my older sister left for college. On the twenty-first of @DATE2, we go secret @LOCATION1 shopping one at a time with one of our grandparents while we make the cheese balls by hand. After all five of us have gone, we wrap the cheese balls and put a ribbon on them while we practice our carols for that evening. We always make a list before we start the caroling. First thing on the list is the people who's houses we @CAPS3 going to go to that night. Second next to each families name is the number of cheese balls we will be delivering to that specific house. Third is what song we @CAPS3 going to sing to them. Usually, there is about twenty- five to thirty people on the list. All of which @CAPS3 family members and really close friends or people from their work. We always have a really good time with it too. No fighting or bickering or anything like that. It's really nice to just be with the family and catch up. Usually, it's been about a year since we have all been together at the same time. Last year was the first year we went caroling with out my older sister. She went off to college the @DATE3 before, leaving me the oldest grand kid there. At first it didn't seem any different, but as the day went on I could feel it taking it's tole. With her being gone and my grandpa no longer being around made the pressure build uncontrollably. I started to relax a little when we got started and just tried to have fun. My grandma yelled to me to grab the list and add a name. At first, I didn't think anything of it. Later she told us we had to come up with a special song for the family. And that's when it hit me. The name looked and sounded familiar because I used to go to school with a boy with the same last name. That's when I asked her to verify if it was the same family. Sure enough, it was. I had had a crush on this boy since I could remember. We lost contact after I had found out he liked my cousin though. I knew it was going to be extremely awkward to have to sing in front of him, not to mention embarrassing. I remember thinking ""@CAPS2 great, this is just what I needed. This is going to be awesome."" We did our rounds and everything went very smoothly. We were having tons of fun, making jokes and laughing at absolutely everything. Then it came time to go to ""his"" house. We all choked up. The girls had heard many things about how cute and dream like this boy was so they were all nervous too. We were sitting there in the truck telling ourselves he wont be home, and even if he was it would be fine and we would be fine. I think that was the longest walk to a house with that short of a walk way ever. My grandma rang the door bell and we positioned ourselves to be ready to sing when the door opened. To our dismay, he answered it. We froze! We were like gargoyles gawking at him. He gave us a weird look and said "" @CAPS3 you going to sing or just stand there?"" with an evil little smile. I did attempt to sing, but nothing came out. That's when the youngest cousin starts singing happy birthday. That was not the song we had planned for this house, and it was not his birthday. In the middle of the second ""happy birthday to you"" we all start cracking up laughing, and I don't mean giggling or a small laugh. We @CAPS3 all laughing hysterically to the point where we could not breath, and he shut the door.  I know if we would have just stood there it would have made that memory a lot more dreadful, but because we all were laughing, we can look back and laugh at ourselves for it. Laughing is a good way to release inner emotional pressure I realized that night. It's a memory i'm sure we will never forget. I have done something like that on multiple occasions but that was defiantly number one on my list of ""what were you thinking"" moments. I wouldn't change anything about it."	40
"Someone once told me that laughter is the key element of comfort. I believe that @CAPS7 is one of the most important part of any relationship. @CAPS7's what brings people together. A perfect example; about two years ago in the middle of fall, I was crying about my dog passing away. My ex-boyfriend tried everything to make me feel better but nothing was working. I was so hurt I told him I just wanted to be alone and he understood. As he was walking away he slipped and landed in a puddle. The way he fell reminded me of the cartoonSpongebob @CAPS1, when @ORGANIZATION1 slipped on a banana and fell hard. I looked at him and his entire back-side was drenched. His cheeks were cherry-red with embarrassment. I just busted out laughing, I couldn't help @CAPS7. He saw that water had gotten all over me, then he started laughing. That was a moment of comfort brought on by laughter. Whenever we had a promblem, we could always laugh @CAPS7 off. That's actually how I met him. I was hanging out with a couple of my friends and we decided to go see a movie calledStep-@CAPS2. There was this one seen where one of the characters said, ""@CAPS3 @CAPS3 that was so funny, last time I heard that I laughed so hard I fell off my dinosaur,"" then other character looked like he was going to cry. I thought that was so funny. After the movie was over my friend @PERSON1 suggested that we go back to his house. When we got there, @CAPS4 was waiting on the steps for @PERSON1. @PERSON1 stood back a second then said, ""aw were you waiting for me little one."" @CAPS4 replied with, ""@CAPS3 @CAPS3 that was so funny , last time I heard that I laughed so hard I fell off my dinosaur."" I laughed so hard I almost went the bathroom on myself. @CAPS4 and myself were the only ones laughing and we just clicked. If he wasn't funny I can honestly say I would've never been with him. I love laughter. I believe @CAPS7's the easiest way to trigger the best emotions."	33
"                               The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3  The beautiful flames danced so peacefully in the @CAPS1 air. The faint shimmer of the blaze was the only light we had. As I stared at the majestic destruction of the warm, humid air, I felt someone or something watching me from behind. The weight of the sixty pounds of wood started to get heavy as I walked from one side of the house to the other. Finally, I reached the trailer just to be told by @PERSON4, my best friends mom, the she didn't think we would need that much wood. I thought to myself the this was going to be a long weekend. After about two hours of packing clothes, food, water, sleeping bags, pillows, and tents we headed out for @ORGANIZATION1. It would be about two hours of driving, that felt like twenty minutes. @PERSON3, @PERSON1, @PERSON2, @PERSON4, and I were the worst group of people to put into one car. We all yell and fight and punch at each other just for fun. Once we arrived at our destination, we sprung out of the car like a hive of angry bees. I race @PERSON2 to the @ORGANIZATION1. the second we were done unpacking our belongings. The first few days were spent basking in the one hundred degree heat, swimming, and flirting with the random girls we found around the camp site. We slept as little as possible, so that we could enjoy the friendship and just pure fun we were having. During day two, we decided to go mountain biking. We were on those bikes for hours before we noticed the sun was going down. In the moment we all turned and saw the most extravagant view the earth has ever created. There were burst of orange and red. The colors ricochet from cloud to cloud. After hours of riding our bikes in the heat, we chose to go for a swim. As we swam I felt something touching my foot. Then all of a sudden there was a hand on my foot. When I looked down to see who was grabbing me, it was only a stick. As I looked closer, it turned out to be a root system of a fallen tree. It looked fake, as if someone or something had put it there. This though sparked a conversation about @CAPS2 for the day to come.  The sparks danced together as if they were @CAPS4 and the @LOCATION1. The only light we had was the brilliant glow of the fire. @PERSON3 was playing a gorgeous melody on his guitar. As I listened and enjoyed the flawlessness of nature, I felt someone watching me from behind. I nudged @PERSON3 and when we turned around, our hearts stopped. There was a spinning green light, almost twenty feet in the air. I spoke the word everyone was dreading, @CAPS2. I had slowly stood up and the light started spinning faster. I quickly grabbed the machete, that was next to me, and approached the light. As I grew closer, I could make out small figured in the @CAPS1 shadows. Then, an eruption of children laughing came booming from the direction of the light. A little boy emerged, unable to control is laughter, and ran away. After returning to my seat next to the camp fire, I thought about life. What if @CAPS2 were real and they are watching us. No, there not real. I laughed it off, and continued my week long vacation."	33
" Laughter is an important element to have in life. Because without @CAPS3 there would be no happiness or joy in the world. @CAPS1 are a great source for laughter, @CAPS1 are the people you go to to be yourself. Some people use laughter for to release pain. For example, whenever @CAPS10 dad gets hurt he starts laughing. @CAPS10 @CAPS2 was in the navy a few years ago. And during training he got hit in the stomach. Nothing really was wrong, but @CAPS3 did hurt him. so @CAPS10 @CAPS2 sat down and started to laugh. I guess this so-called trait is hereditary because I find myself doing the exact same thing from time to time.  When I learned about how laughter heals, @CAPS3 wasn't too long ago. @CAPS3 was last @DATE3, @CAPS3 was early @DATE5 and @CAPS5 of @DATE5 was coming close. Traditionally me and @CAPS10 parents would drive to @ORGANIZATION1. And use the money we have been saving up all year round and buy a huge pack of fireworks.  Once @CAPS5 of @DATE5 came I was filled with joy, I woke up and immediately run up to @CAPS10 mom and ask ""@CAPS3's @CAPS5 of @DATE5 can I take the fireworks out to the package now?"" I was a new puppy discovering its first chew toy. @CAPS7 shook her head ""@CAPS6 yet @PERSON1, its only eleven in the morning. Sunset doesn't come around till seven or eight"" @CAPS7 smiled at me. ""@CAPS8 girl."" @CAPS7 whispered as @CAPS7 left the room.  Once the huge golden sun finally went down and the smaller bright shimmering stars appeared. We all knew @CAPS3 was time. ""@CAPS9 you like to do the honors?"" @CAPS10 dad handed me the first firework and a lighter. A big smile appeared onto @CAPS10 face without @CAPS10 control. I loved fireworks, I love bright colors watching them as they spewed into the newly lit sky, filling @CAPS3 with a sea of colorful sparks. After @CAPS5 of @DATE5 had ended @CAPS10 cousin @CAPS12 came over. @CAPS10 mom had was little sick but @CAPS3 wasn't something that was contagious. @CAPS10 @CAPS25 figured that we were old enough to take care for ourselves and for @CAPS10 mom. And @DATE3 was ending and I wanted to see the movie @CAPS13 with @CAPS10 mom and @CAPS12 so badly.  @CAPS10 mom had a lot going wrong her doctor put her on several medications to relieve her problems. but @CAPS3 seemed like @CAPS7 got a new pill from the doctor every week because the symptoms from each pill was causing more and more problems.  Its mid @DATE5, @DATE4, and still no sign of @CAPS10 mom getting any better. @CAPS12 and I took walks with the dogs to the near by park, we went swimming, watched @CAPS15, clean the cars, We would try to find anything to do really.  @DATE1 came, and @CAPS10 mom was showing signs of improvement @CAPS7 was walking more naturally . I called @CAPS10 dad and asked if he thought going to see a movie was a good idea. he said to wait one more day. I was worried about waiting another day because @CAPS12 was going home the next day. The next day, I woken up by the soft whisper of @CAPS10 moms voice. ""@LOCATION1, @PERSON1 honey wake up"" @CAPS7 shook @CAPS10 shoulder. I opened @CAPS10 eyes slowly, opening them wider as @CAPS10 eyes focused of what was around me. ""@CAPS18 go to the movies?"" @CAPS7 shook @CAPS10 shoulder once again. ""@CAPS19, but your sick."" I exhaled a heavy sigh. ""I am feeling a lot better today."" @CAPS7 smiled. ""@CAPS21 because the next showing is in twenty minutes."" The sudden rush to @CAPS21, woke me up. I then woke @CAPS12 up and we soon then left. The movie was good. Afterward, @CAPS12 went home and everything was silent once again, the rooms kept empty, the sun went away, the whole house stood still.  @DATE2. this day is usually a time to kick back. I was on @CAPS10 computer most of the day, @CAPS10 dad was playing his video game. and @CAPS10 mom was in the kitchen preparing dinner. @CAPS10 dad went in to help her with dinner. until @CAPS7 almost had fallen with a few pans in her hands. @CAPS10 dad suggested that @CAPS7 go and take a nap or at least lay down. Later that evening @CAPS10 dad had found @CAPS10 mother. laying stiff, cold...@CAPS10 mother had passed away in her sleep that day. I felt as if @CAPS10 heart had exploded like a firework. A few days have passed I stood still on the couch. I found comfort in texting @CAPS12. Told her what the doctors told us. @CAPS12 mentioned how torn @CAPS10 @CAPS25 was about @CAPS10 mom. And even though @CAPS12 was hurting inside, her and her @CAPS2 @PERSON2 tried to get @CAPS10 @CAPS25 and everyone to laugh. Because they knew that laughter would make some of the pain go away. And I think they are amazing for finding a bit of laughter in a dark place. That is why laughter is a important element of out lives. "	35
"@CAPS1.., that is a sound i love to hear, laughter. Laughter plays a big roll in my life. To me it is the only thing that can keep me going. Sometimes it is even better then ice cream, and that is saying a lot. I have had many different experiences in life that laughter has been a big part of. Like @CAPS6 my brother got sent back to jail. @CAPS6 I was @CAPS5 I had to laugh because it was the only thing that made me feel good inside. Also, @CAPS6 i got dumped like last nights garbage, laughter made me feel as if nothing had ever happened. So @CAPS6 people are not feeling the best or are going through struggles in their life, I truly believe that laughter will make everything feel a little bit better. "@CAPS2!", it hit me like a brick in the head. Hearing that my brother got put back in jail was a hard thing to hear. He had just gotten out from a four month sentence, three months ago. One of the hardest things is thinking of what to say @CAPS6 his three year old son, @PERSON1, asks "@CAPS3's @CAPS4?". The main reason I'm not as scared for my brother as I was is because of my nephew @PERSON1. He can light up any situation with his adorable laugh. So whenever my brother gets thrown back into jail, I know everything will be okay @CAPS6 I see a big smile on @PERSON1's little chubby face. He is my inspiration to smile @CAPS6 I feel like there is absolutely nothing in this word to smile or laugh about. Even @CAPS6 we were both sitting in the emergency room he still just kept on laughing.  Being @CAPS5 is the absolute worst thing in the world to me. I hate not being able to get out of bed and go places. All I usually do is go stuff outside with my friends, but @CAPS6 I'm @CAPS5 I cant do anything. The only things I can really do is take nasty medicine. Recently I was in the hospital with very severe abdominal pains. Then not even two weeks later I was back in the emergency room with strep. I was in a lot of pain for about four weeks all together. one thing I hate more then being @CAPS5, is people feeling bad for me being @CAPS5. So whenever I'm @CAPS5 I always crack jokes and make people laugh no matter how much it hurts me to laugh. Even though the laughing did not feel good physically, it sure made me feel a lot better emotionally. Laughing is like my brand of medicine for @CAPS6 I'm not feeling well. It seems to make me feel better faster then any other over the counter medicine. Especially for breaking up with my first "love". "I just don't want my mistakes to hurt you anymore", that was the last thing he said to me. My first "love" just left me standing alone on a staircase to drown in my own tears. It was my first real break-up. I was having a pretty hard time dealing with it. Then the day after we broke up my friends came and picked me up. They told me that I needed to be cheered up. @CAPS6 we got into town we stopped by the store. My friend @PERSON3 told me to pick out a half gallon of ice-cream, so I got mint chocolate chip. We finally got to @PERSON3's house and he told me that I had to eat the whole half gallon of ice cream to myself. Of course I didn't argue. While I was eating the ice cream him and my friend @PERSON2 put on a little skit of how they were going to be up my ex boyfriend. I was laughing so hard I got a brain freeze. By the time the skit was over I was rolling on the floor laughing. All the laughing made me forget that I was sad in the first place. I felt that just having a good laugh with my friends brought us closer together. While I was with my ex we never hung out because i was always with him. I had a blast that day and I will remember it forever. Laughing is truly the key to living a great life. "@CAPS6 life gives you lemons make lemonade", that is a quote that I chose to listen to and try to follow. To me the quote is just saying to enjoy the little things in life. So whenever I laugh, I am enjoying a little pleasures in life. Laughing is a part of my life no matter how hard life @MONTH1 seem. So even if my brother is in jail, I'm @CAPS5, or i just got dumped; I laugh so that I don't have to worry anymore. Laughter is a main ingredient to everyone's life, don't forget it or life wont turn out the way that anyone would want it.   "	40
" Laughter is like cooking; it brings people of every kind together, but the wrong food or the wrong time can bring discomfort to you and others around you, such as beans. Laughter is a medicine. Laughter is a universal language; you can speak @CAPS2 ""language"" with a foreign friend, even when you know not an ounce of their native tongue. Laughter differs, ranging in loudness, pattern, softness, and attitude. You laughed weeks into @CAPS2 world and you'll be laughing your way out of it as well. Sometimes in life, it is important to laugh! Laughter is forgiving and a nod to acceptance. It was my freshman year and I had arrived early that morning to keep my friend company who's mom had dropped her off at such an early time, due to transportation conflicts. I wasn't sure why we were even fighting or why we were on @CAPS2 particular subject; I only knew we had gone off on a ""bunny trail"" and @CAPS4 was picking me apart for something I had done weeks ago. Our voices were escalating and despite the fact our disagreement wasn't taking a turn toward the physical, our words were just as devastating, taking jabs below the belt and giving ""black eyes"" of sorts to both teams. @CAPS4 was right and I knew it, but did @CAPS4 really have to carry such an air of self-righteousness? I thought, ""@CAPS1 @CAPS4 hadn't done what @CAPS4 did, I wouldn't have any secrets to spill."" @CAPS2 was also wrong of me, but my attention wasn't focusing on that, but rather on deflecting her fiery words, sure to not let my guard down and start crying or something ridiculous like that.  ""That only happenedone time!""@CAPS4 declared as @CAPS4 tried to defended herself. ""@CAPS3 way, you didn't have to tell the whole world!"" ""I didn't tell the world,"" I objected. ""I only told one person...who told one person, who told another person...and so on.""@CAPS4 raised her eyebrow in a manner as @CAPS1 to say, ""@CAPS5? You @CAPS6 know what I'm talking about."" The air in the room was as stiff as our direction we were taking in our argument, going no where and getting to no point. The feeling was mutual; @CAPS4 was done with me, I was done with her. @CAPS4 leaned back casually against the wall, attempting to appear apathetic, when her ankle succumbed to gravity and the present moisture, grazing the surface and causing her to loose her footing. All the cool @CAPS4 once had was thrown out the window. Her shoe caught the slick surface of the tile, wet from where hundreds of trodden footsteps were left from that morning's downpour. Crashing down, @CAPS4 met the unforgiving, stone floor with a @CAPS7! which left her face dazed and pride altered. I wish that was how the conversation had gone--with her standing not three feet tall and me towering above her. Concealing the slight satisfaction that was lurking behind my dimples, I slowly slid down the wall that stood behind me, coming to eye level with her. I took one look into her eyes, as @CAPS1 they were waving a white flag and then the smug victory left me. I craned my neck backward, smiled at the ceiling and let out a giggle. I'm not sure what @CAPS4 thought about that at first yet slowly but surely, @CAPS4 managed a chuckle. My giggle triggered into a full-out laughter seizure, her catching on and soon leaving us both laying on the floor. There was nothing particularly special about that bleak, speckled tile, but it was that desolate stone we ended up sprawled on, heads huddled on and hands on our bellies, trying to steady our breaths back into normalcy that one early morning. Sure, I apologized and @CAPS4 accepted, but I think her forgiveness went without saying; laughter is not dependent on words. ""@CAPS8,"" @CAPS4 managed with a smile. The laughter my friend and I had shared in that pre-school classroom carried throughout the day.  ""Laughter is the shortest distance between two people."" That very distance brought assurance into the relationship I shared with my friend. No, it didn't solve our problems, but it reminded us of how silly and meaningless our petty arguments amounted to be, definitely something worth laughing at. Sure, her fall from grace triggered the expression of innocent surrender from my part, laughter, but it was the letting go of bitterness and the welcoming of a laugh from both sides that ended it all. So, no, while we were not on the same brave wave, our laughter was above picking sides--we were still speaking the same ""language."""	41
" Laughter is a great thing, except for some instances. We all have been there. Having a good time with friends, laughing and making new memories. Then you take a drink of something and start laughing again. Next thing you know you're choking and can't breathe. You're coughing as much as you can, trying to stop. It's not only a little embarrassing, but it can get a little awkward too. You can't stop it, you just have to let nature take its course. Everyone stares, asking if you're alright. The moment feels like forever, and that was exactly how I felt. I have two best friends, @CAPS1 and @PERSON1. It was during the @DATE1 and we decided to have ourselves a little movie night at @ORGANIZATION3's house. We were fully prepared with candy, soda pops, and the best of all, pizza. It all added up for a great night. We decided to watch the movie @ORGANIZATION1. It's all of our favorites, I don't think we could ever grow tired of it. @CAPS1, @PERSON1 and I found comfortable seating arrangements and started to watch the movie. We were eating, laughing hard-core and making comments along with it. We were having a great time. Then I decided to take a drink of my @ORGANIZATION2. I was about to swallow it, but just my luck, one of the funniest parts in the movie was on. I started to laugh and knew I had an issue. I put my cup on the table, quickly got off the couch, and took two steps when most of the @LOCATION1 in my mouth came flying out onto the floor. I couldn't breathe and was now coughing, so I kept running to my destination, the kitchen sink. I was about two feet away from the sink, I was so close! Then I felt something come up my mouth that I couldn't control. I wasn't going to open my mouth, it'd be all over the floor! I was so grossed out I basically threw myself at the sink. My mouth opened and there went the puke, into the sink. I continued to cough, wondering when it would it would all end. ""@CAPS2 you okay?!"" @CAPS1 ran into the kitchen and started hitting my upper back, trying to help me out. @CAPS5 hit me three times, then I could finally breathe again. ""@CAPS4 you, I was having a hard time."" @CAPS5 started laughing, while I was still disgusted with the nasty taste left in my mouth. I put my head under the faucet trying to clear it out a little. I grabbed a towel, and we made our way to the living room. We entered the room to find @PERSON1 sitting on the couch, laughing hysterically. @CAPS1 sat by her, and started to giggle a little along with her. I got on my knees and started wiping up the @ORGANIZATION2 spill on the floor. There wasn't too much, but still a good amount. I started to chuckle a little to myself while cleaning it up. I thought to myself, ""@CAPS6 must I always be the one to choke?"" ""@CAPS6 didn't you just go to the bathroom sink? I mean it's right there!"" @PERSON1 was pointing to the door and still laughing. ""I didn't think of that! I just ran for the kitchen!"" I've been to her house plenty of times before, but the bathroom slipped my mind. I laughed at how much of a blond moment I had just had. ""@CAPS8 my gosh,"" @CAPS5 laughed a little then continued, ""@CAPS9 me of @CAPS10! When I saved you!"" ""@CAPS11 up and watch the movie!"" I told her jokingly. @CAPS5 finished laughing and we were enjoying the movie in peace again. They both still tease me about that, but I don't mind. It just goes to show you the things laughter can unexpectedly bring."	40
" Laughter is very important in my life. I laugh everyday. People wouldn't be the same without laughter, and the world wouldn't be the same. Two days ago, my @CAPS1 class went to the computer lab to type our @CAPS2 writing test. Much of the class was groaning about having to write this essay. I was annoyed because I already had passed the essay, and I didn't want to take it again, but I had to. Once I got to the computer lab, I sat in my chair and logged into my account.  After a few minutes my computer finally loaded, and I could log into @CAPS2. Once I got there I logged in, and my computer froze. I had noticed that some of the other students computers had also frozen. I laughed at them for their computer being frozen, and they laughed at me because mine was frozen. After a few minutes my account finally logged in, and I selected to take the essay. After my computer being frozen for a few minutes, I got an error message, and it logged me out of @CAPS2. This had also happened to @MONTH1 of the other students, and I laughed because of my my classmate's computer was still frozen and the screen was white. I logged back in and it froze for a while.  I tried logging in again, but kept getting different errors. I noticed that many of my other classmates also had gotten these error messages, or their computers were still frozen. After a few attempts, my test finally loaded, and I could begin the test. After debating for a moment, my teacher told the whole class to log off because only a few members had been able to make it to the test. I then logged off, and logged back into @CAPS2. My computer started to log me in, but then it froze and logged me out of @CAPS2. This had also happened to many of the other students taking the test. After trying to log in, the farthest I could reach was waiting for my @CAPS7 to approve me. My @CAPS7 said that he had approved me several time,s but nothing had worked.  After a few minutes of my computer not letting take the test, I logged off of my account, and got back on. At this time, I was laughing because it had worked before, but I wasn't able to get back to my test. By now over half the period had gone by. No one, not even the @CAPS7, knew what was going on, but very few people had started their test. After a few more tries, and nothing being able to work, the class was almost over. My @CAPS7 told us to log off the computers and wait for another day to complete this test. When I walked into the room, I thought it was going to a very boring period. I was wrong, in a good way. The class wasn't boring, and I spent much of it laughing.Although I didn't get my essay done, it was a good class. This was a good experience, and I'm sure I will be able to look back and remember this day for a long time."	35
"                     Laughter is a key to any happy and successful relationship in my opinion. It can break the ice in an akward situation or help you become closer to someone. Some people have said that laughter is the shortest distance between two people, and that laughter is the best medicine. I believe that both of those statements are true. Personally laughter has dramatically changed many different social situations throught my @NUM1 years of life.  One time in particular that I remember laughter really bringing me closer together with other people is when I was camping with a few of my friends. It was three years ago in the middle of @DATE1 and we were all sleeping outside under the stars. We had all been talking about pretty serious stuff, family and friend problems and just sharing our hardships in general with eachother. I didn't really have much to complain about, I had a pretty average family that I loved along with good friends. However that evening I was learning some interesting but disturbing information about my friends home life. She started to talk about how her parents don't care and how they are both alcoholics, I could tell by her tone of voice how painful admitting this information was for her. The mood had suddenly changed from discussing light issues to a serious, emotional conversation. She continued to tell me how alone she felt sometimes and how she just always wished she could be with her friends because we always have a good time.   After she told me all of this we laid in silence for a while. Neither of us were asleep but I had no idea what to say. I mean how could anything I say make that situation better or help her to feel better. While we had been having this conversation our other friend had run back to the car to grab sodas and go to the bathroom. We heard her saying our names and searching for us in the dark. All of a sudden she knew where we were, she had tripped over the edge of our sleeping bag fell on us and spilled a bunch of fizzy grape soda all over our faces. Normally we would have been angry but we all thought this was hysterical. While in the midst of laughing like crazy people I looked at my friend who had just recently told me her painful story, now she was crying from laughing so hard and I knew that a little laughter had brought us closer.  That is a memory that I will never forget, it was an experience where I feel laughter has played a major role in making a relationship more comfortable and close. Similar experiences have occured throughout my whole life. Laughter is a common ground, where all people can relate to one another. Maybe it brings people closer together because when you are legitimatley laughing you are so caught up in it that you forget about everything else. All of your problems disappear."	36
"Laughter play's an important role in relationships, @CAPS1 also supports enjoyment and can be a persuit of happinees. Whenever i am laughing its either because i am really enjoying myself or im just having a great time.Many people don't have a very good sense of humor and dont laugh at thing's that are funny, whenever i watch a funny movie's that i like i sit down and wait for the very funny parts, but dont get me wrong, remember not to laugh to hard because you might wet youre pants by accident or who knows if you laugh hard enought you might even pull a ""whotammy ""and trust me that does not look pritty and then you will be embarresed infront of everybody. My favorite comedian is adam sandler because he is very funny and has a good sense of humor, he knows how to keep a person laughting and interested in his comedy shows and movies.when he made the big daddy movie @CAPS1 was pritty good not to funny but @CAPS1 was good.My secound favorite comedian is @PERSON1 because he is funnyer that adam sandler by a lil bit but not quit as good though he also stars on a tv show called wild'n out that show really makes me almost cough out my lungs, especially when they bust out with youre mama jokes @CAPS1 keeps you laughting and keeps the blood pumping thru youre body.so we all pritty much under stand what laughing is but most people dont really seem to laugh at things that are funny i cant quit undersatnd @CAPS1 but my guess is tha t they dont have a good sene of humor but some people seem to lautgh at thing that dont even make sense i quit dont undestand that either but i guess its better to laugh than to not laugh at all. Some really good comedy movies that i can mention out right off the the bat that will keep you tuned and laughing thru more than half off the movies are grandmas boy, happy gillmore, dont be a menace to south central while siping my juice. Also zombie land @CAPS1 is a heck of a good movie, i dont know its not just about making a funny movie just to make the oudience laugh @CAPS1 is the way they make @CAPS1 and how thery act and how good the backround story to the comedy movies is gonna be thats what i pay atencion to when ever i sit down and inspect what makes the movie funny also if i cant understaand a funny movie i see @CAPS1 again and again till i understand what is so hallariouse about @CAPS1.That pritty much covers the basics on laughter there are is youre basic information and what you need to knowabout @CAPS1 and how to enjoy @CAPS1 and use @CAPS1 wisely cause remamber dont laught to hard because you dont want to end up pulling a ""whotammy"" in front off every one that around thank you for reading my test."	32
"It was a normal day, I had just woken up, because my friend @PERSON2 who had called me wondering if I wanted to hangout.I said yes and I went and took a shower and got ready. Once I was ready I called him back and asked him where he wanted to hangout at. He told me that he wanted me to go over to kyle house and play basketball.When I got there everyone was over there so we decied to have a big game of basketball.I was on the better team and already knew we were going to win, but every single shot I took I missed and it was really embarresing, but my team ended up winning which was no suprise.After the game we all were tired and went inside to play video games. We played @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @NUM1, we took turns and on my turns I did really bad because I dont really play video games so everyone laughed at me including myself.As soon as we were done playing I got a @CAPS1 from a bunch of girls who were going to the movies that night, and wanted to know if everyone and I wanted to go.Everyone decied to go, and we all wanted to see the movie paranormal activity @NUM1, so we were pretty excited and before the movie started we all went over to @PERSON1 house and hungout with all the girls.We all sat in the living room listening to music while most of the girls were up stairs getting ready.I was bored so I went up stairs to hangout with the girls and let me tell you it was a bad idea because the second I walked up there they all wanted me to let them straighten my hair or let them put makeup on me.So I went back down stairs and warned everyone not to go up there.They asked why and when I told them they all laughed and some of them went up there anyway and came back with makeup on I laughed so hard that i fell off the couch.Once I finaly stopped laughing it was time to go and her mom drove us there but there was not enough seats in the car so me and all the girls we cramed into the front seat and the reast of the guys were in the back seat, so I was pretty happy.When we got in the movie theater there was a pretty long line but it was worth it.Suprisingly the moive was acutaly kinda scary it made me jump like five times.When we drove home it was like @NUM3 and @PERSON3 and I walked home from her house and the whole way back he was freaking out and it made me laugh and it made him laugh how I was kinda freaked out too.I think that it was a really fun day because I was laughing through most of it."	32
"We're happy together @PERSON1 told me @CAPS2 we lay on his bed. I just smiled and I knew this was going to be a really good relationship. @CAPS5 always made me feel so great. @CAPS5 made me feel beautiful. Now don't say your too young to know what love is ,@CAPS1 I've heard it from my mom every time I talked about him. But I know that no one has ever made me feel this wonderful about myself, made me feel perfect. When we are together it's fun. Most guys I have been with have not been @CAPS2 fun, @CAPS2 in our dates together, walking to the park too sit and talk, eating out to kiss in public. Before we were ever dating, We were best friends. We still are best friends. Everyone asked us @CAPS6 we were dating, The answer was always no we're best friend's, but I always wanted more. @CAPS5 has always made me laugh. I don't think we would have made such a strong couple @CAPS6 we didn't make each other laugh. Just thinking about @CAPS4 I first knew I loved him makes me laugh. I was walking to my @DATE1 class, and out of no where @PERSON1 grabs my arm and pulls me into a huge bear hug, and buried his head in my neck and laughed and said ""@CAPS3, you have some toilet paper sticking out of your pants"" I felt my face turn twenty different shades of red. I smiled and quietly asked him to hide me so I could grab it. When I got to my @DATE1 class I was thinking to myself @CAPS4 could @CAPS5 just say that to me, @CAPS5 must of wanted to embarrass me. But the more I thought about what @CAPS5 did and @CAPS4 @CAPS5 did it made me feel, well it made me feel like @CAPS5 really and truly cared about me. Wanting to help me out rather then embarrass me. I bet every other guy was laughing. Not @PERSON1... well after that happened we had a good laugh. After we laughed and joked about what happened to me, @CAPS5 looked up and kissed me. I didn't know @CAPS6 that was a best friend kiss, or a real love kiss. So I simply laughed. then @CAPS5 kissed me again. This time I knew it was a real love kiss. We weren't like most couples either. Which made us stand out, and the more we stood out the more people started to hate the fact that we were together. They would say some horrible things to me in the hallway about @PERSON1. Who knows what they were telling him. @CAPS7 some of my closest friends started to make rude comments toward me and @PERSON1. I know @CAPS5 didn't believe anything they were saying @CAPS1 @CAPS5 would laugh at everything people would toss our way. When @CAPS5 laughed I would always ask him whats so funny, @CAPS5 would say ""@CAPS6 they rumors aren't true then laugh about them, that way people will know your not bother by them"" I would have never thought about that. I'm the kind of girl who wears her emotions on her sleeve, so of course I would get a little peeved with all the stuff they were saying about us. After I started laughing at all the rude and nasty things people were saying,. They stopped talking about us, it was like magic. I never thought about being in @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 let alone @ORGANIZATION1, and finding a guy that would understand what I'm going through. Let alone someone who is going through something almost @CAPS2 difficult. My brother went to prison @DATE1, and I don't think I could have be able to make it through @CAPS2 much @CAPS2 I did with @PERSON1. I cried almost everyday at @ORGANIZATION1 with him. It's been about a year now. Every time I go see my brother I remember what @PERSON1 said, ""@CAPS6 your happy the people around will be happy"" so I always put on a smile to see @LOCATION1, @CAPS7 though I know this will be the hardest years of my life. Laughing does really help. @CAPS7 @CAPS6 nothing is funny just laugh. God put you on this @LOCATION2 for a reason, and @CAPS6 you haven't found that reason laugh until you do. @CAPS1 the people in your life mean the world to you, and @CAPS6 they're down bring them up. I love @PERSON1 for helping me understand that life's to short to go unhappy then to have had a life without laughter."	37
" Laughter is a major component in a relationship. Laughter once saved my best freinds relationship with his girlfreind. They had just goten ito the bigest fight I have ever seen. The fight started over something so small and insignificant that neither of them could remember what it was. The fight had a snowball affect untill neither of them knew what they were fighting over. Then one day, while they were taking a break from fighting, we went to see a funny movie. A while into the movie I got up to go to the restroom, and when i got back my freind and his girlfreind were both lauphng histaricly. I asked them what was so funny, but they wouldn't tell me.  @CAPS4 the movie we went to a @CAPS1 restorant for dinner. While we were being seated my freind mumbled something i couldn't hear to his girlfreind, and she burst into laughter. I again asked what was so funny, and again they replied that it was nothing. During dinner, which was extrordiary for @CAPS1 food, my freinds girlfreind got up to go to the restroom. @CAPS4 she was out of earshot, my freind turned to me and said, ""@CAPS3'll never beleive what just happened. Me and her aren't fighting any more. @CAPS4 @CAPS3 left to go to the restroom, I asked her if she could remember what we were fighting over, and she said she had no idea and was just fighting because she diddn't want to loose the arguement. @CAPS4 she said that I fessed up and said i was argueing for the same reason. this made us laugh so hard because we boh realized that the argument could have been over long befor that night."" @CAPS4 this I almost never heard of them fighting again. This was untill they got into another arguement when she moved out of state. The arguement was over the fact that he wanted to do a long distance relationship, but she didn't want to. Since laughter saved their relationship for a little while I strongly believe that Laughter is an important part of a relationship. It also serves as an excelent ice breaker for a conversation."	32
" Being with family and friends during a memorable trip always seems to spark a smile. There are always times to look back on; whether they are fond memories, or thoughts of nostalgia. I was about to graduate, and my parents had just broke the news to me that we were going on a trip to @LOCATION1 after the year was finished. We had the date set; @DATE1, right after school was over. The first reaction out of my mouth was filled with entreatment, wishing for my best friend to join us on this trip. My parents took the time and thoughtfully considered all the advantages and disadvantages, and rapidly responded in the affirmative. I was thrilled to know that the memories I was about to create with my closest family members were now to include my best friend.  First thing was first, I had to get down to business. I needed to call my friend, @PERSON1, and ask her if she'd like to come along. Selfishly assuming that her immediate response would be an exuberant ""@CAPS1!,"" I was @CAPS4 first devastated when she postponed her response and didn'@CAPS6 seem too excited. I didn'@CAPS6 consider the fact that there @MONTH1 have been some sort of miscommunication. She talked it over with her mother, and gave me a call back. I had made the mistake of not telling her that we would have her financially covered for airfare, dining, and hotel rooms. We cleared everything up, and they decided she @CAPS3 join us. The two of us together couldn'@CAPS6 have been more ecstatic if we tried! @PERSON1 and I made a countdown board that started around two months from our departure date. There were many factors that we would take into hand while planning. As we measured out exactly how much time we had, we also planned which landmarks, resorts, and shops we would visit. Our family friend lived in @LOCATION1 @CAPS4 the time, so she gave us a tour of the island. Having such a close acquaintance to guide us made the trip even more fun. She knew all the local hangout spots, and had access to the military beaches because she works in @ORGANIZATION1!  Many humorous occurrences happened often while we were on that vacation, but some of the most memorable moments happened in the hotel while I was with @PERSON1 and my mother. My mom has always had a way to make every situation hilarious, so it was a blast when we went out on a girls night. First, and most significant of our adventures, we went shopping in the mall that was attached to our hotel. There was an abundance of varied small clothing stores, food shops, and jewelry outlets. One of our favorite stores that we visited was a @CAPS6-shirt shop with chocolate infused fabrics! We spent so much time looking @CAPS4 all of the designs, that I think we ended up carrying a wave of cocoa with us for the rest of the night.  As soon as we finished our shopping quest in the town center, we worked our way back up to the room, laughing and involved in pointless girl talk. The three of us girls shuffled with smiles, sore feet, and new bags onto the elegant, ornately designed golden elevator. My mother pushed the button to take us to our floor, while @PERSON1 carried on a story about plans we had the night before. Absorbed in conversation, we hauled our new things down the long hallway to our room. Realizing that we didn'@CAPS6 have a key card to open our room's door, the three of us decided that we should just knock on the door and my father would answer. ""@CAPS2 was supposed to be back from renting our surf boards by now, so why isn'@CAPS6 @CAPS2 answering?"" we thought, ""@CAPS3 @CAPS2 still be out on the beach?"" @CAPS4 this point our conversation died down a bit as we tried to figure out what to do. I sent a message to my dad's cell phone, and @CAPS2 said @CAPS2 was in the room. We ended up pounding on the door for a good five minutes, assuming @CAPS2 was playing a joke on us by not answering. After waiting a few moments in confused silence, I began to notice a low buzzing voice coming from inside the room. I turned to my mother and best friend, and @CAPS3 barely keep from laughing. It was then that it hit me, and I said to both of them, ""@CAPS5 guys! We didn'@CAPS6 leave a @CAPS6.V. on!"" We immediately halted our intrusion, moved as quickly as we @CAPS3 away from the door, and continued to howl with laughter. My mother had hit the wrong floor button on the elevator! We were so absorbed in having a good time that we didn'@CAPS6 even realize we were bothering someone, and embarassing ourselves! It wasn'@CAPS6 just one moment or one trip, it is now a lifetime of joy because I can look back on those memories and smile @CAPS4 them. It's these moments that I treasure the most."	43
" Some people say that laughter is good for the soul, and that could be true, but the soul is definitely not the only thing. Laughing is great for your heart and mind too. It can improve relationships, make friendships grow stronger, and even start @CAPS5 make two people who don't know anything about each other, extremely close. You can meet someone new or be with someone you barely know, and just because they make you laugh you feel like you want @CAPS5 get @CAPS5 know them better. I love that feeling. Honestly, you can laugh with any age or gender. You don't both have @CAPS5 be @NUM1 and female, you could be with a little boy, an elderly lady, or anywhere in between and still have a lot of fun. Last @DATE1 I never had anything @CAPS5 do, so I decided I should start volunteering places. The two places I could volunteer at were: a daycare next @CAPS5 my house, or an old folks home about @NUM2 miles away. I thought really hard about it, trying @CAPS5 make the best decision for me. I couldn't make up my mind, and even though I didn't admit it, I felt like they would be just as boring as sitting at home. I finally decided I should do both of them, so I could meet some new people, and have new experiences. I started with the daycare. I woke up at @NUM3 am, and walked @CAPS5 @ORGANIZATION1. I wasn't sure what it was going @CAPS5 be like at all. I didn't even know if i was good with kids. I walked in, and stood @CAPS3 awkwardly. The @ORGANIZATION1 manager came up @CAPS5 me and asked me if i could help out with the @NUM4 year old's coloring room. I nodded my head nervously.  Was i supposed @CAPS5 color for them? @CAPS3's no way they could color a picture by themselves. They're only three! I thought. Oh well, if i follow directions then this day will get @CAPS2 faster. When i went in @CAPS3 all the kids ran up @CAPS5 me with a smile on their face. ""@CAPS1 by me!"" one said. ""@CAPS2 here!"" said another. ""@CAPS3's a spot right here!"" ""@CAPS4 at my picture!"" ""I drew a rainbow!"" ""I drew a car!"" ""I drew you!"" @CAPS5 that, i looked down. @CAPS3 i was, on the piece of paper. A bunch of blue and green scribbles. That day was a lot of fun. I was laughing and having a great time with the kids. I learned that i absolutely adore kids, and I'm actually pretty good with them. The next week a went @CAPS5 the nursing home. I was even more nervous @CAPS3. I felt so out of place. I hadn't found out what I was going @CAPS5 be helping with yet, so I sat on a chair in the lobby. When the receptionist asked who i was her @CAPS5 see, i said nobody. She then asked me why I was here, and I replied, oh, I was going @CAPS5 volunteer. She led me down the hall told me that it was almost time for lunch so i needed @CAPS5 get ready @CAPS5 serve lunch. I did, and then the i heard, what i assumed was, the lunch bell. I gave everyone their lunch with a big smile and it was honestly great. If one of them looked a little down, or upset I could flash them a smile and they would grin back, obviously in higher spirits than before. After lunch, I played a few games of chess. Most people who were @CAPS3 took naps after lunch, so @CAPS3 were only three people out @CAPS3. I played first with a lady who used @CAPS5 be a nurse. I got @CAPS5 know her pretty well in the half hour we played the game; which i won. Next was a guy who was a veteran. He fought in the @LOCATION1 war. He seemed really nice, but serious. I won that game too. The last man used @CAPS5 be a comedian. He was so funny. He told jokes the whole game! Maybe he said a few @CAPS5 many, because he beat me at chess. Well that was my excuse. When i got done, i was in a great mod and i could't wait @CAPS5 come back again. I learned a lot that @DATE1. I found out everyone is alike in some ways, even though each person is unique. I realized you don't have @CAPS5 be the same as the person your with, @CAPS5 laugh and have a good time. It doesn't matter what age, race, gender, size, mentality, maturity, etc. The only thing that matters is that you are in the same place at the same time, trying @CAPS5 make the best of your day. I am so glad i decided @CAPS5 volunteer, otherwise i would have never known so much about people, love, life, and laughter."	41
"                  The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3!!! This @CAPS2 started out like any other @CAPS2. Me waking up thinking what am I going to do. So I walk out of my room, ask my mom if we have any plans. She says that we don't have any plans. So after I talked to her some more. I went back into my room and there I saw that I had gotten a text message from my @CAPS1 friend @PERSON3. He asked if I wanted hang out with him. I decided of course I can because I had no family plans. ""I would love to hang out with you @PERSON3"".  @PERSON3 and I met at the @NUM1 bus stop on royal and we went to @ORGANIZATION2. See now the reason why we went to @ORGANIZATION2 was because the @CAPS2 before I had gotten a gift card from my grandmother and fifty dollars from @CAPS4 (@CAPS4 is my biological father). When we finally got to @ORGANIZATION2 asked me what are we going to get here. I said anything I want. him start busting up laughing. I bot a jackass shirt and some food. From @ORGANIZATION2 we went to @CAPS6 @CAPS7 to get some delicious food.  When we walked into the restaurant, the aroma from the place made us drool a little bit. @PERSON3 got a big bowl and stuffed @CAPS15 with everything he could. We ate so much. I ganged like ten pounds. We talked about life and how awesome the food was. Where we were going next was still undecided. We finally finished our food. I payed for the to bowls of food and we went to our bus stop and went to downtown @PERSON1. While we were on the bus @PERSON3 decided that we shall go to @ORGANIZATION1.  So we got off the bus and what do you know my friends @CAPS8 boy, @CAPS9, @CAPS10, @PERSON2, and @PERSON4 were downtown chill en like a villain. @PERSON3 went and smoked a cigarette. While I went and checked the bus schedule for the @ORGANIZATION4 bus. Him and I had to wait for @NUM2 minutes. So we gust hung out with our friends. @CAPS9 is the funniest guy @CAPS3. I laughed until I started to cry. I almost pissed myself.  We left to go get on the bus, laughed some more. When we got to the @ORGANIZATION4 we had know idea why we even went there. So we just walked around. @PERSON3 decided that we should into the photo booth to make this @CAPS2 legit. I had a lot of fun getting our picture taken. Next place we went was @CAPS11-topic. I love that store. We were in there for @CAPS3.  About two or so hours pass.  At the @ORGANIZATION4 there is this park that you can go to but you have to cross the bridge to get to @CAPS15. @PERSON3 and I got bored and went on an epic adventure to this park. There was a couple trails that we walked. I tripped on a branch. @PERSON3 laughed at me. We found this piece of concrete. @PERSON3 and I put on some music and danced to @CAPS12 @CAPS13. I love @CAPS14 music its really fun to dance to. I had orange soda that @PERSON3 drank. I took a lot of pictures of him drinking the soda. We pretended that the grass was lava and the concrete was a place for break dancing in cave man days. I took a video of @PERSON3 dancing and laughing to the song @CAPS15's the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 by sponge bob. He also ate all of my chips that i bot at @ORGANIZATION2. After that we went back onto the trails and skipped through the tree's. I trow skittles at birds and old people. While telling them to taste the rainbow.  We finally realized that we needed to get back home so him and I started walking back to the bus stop. Missed the first bus the caught the next one. Hung out downtown for an hour. Chilled with my downtown friends at @NUM3 park. Got a donut from @ORGANIZATION3. That place is epicly bad ass! Got some intents from this cool store by the station.  As the @CAPS2 ended @PERSON3 and I went our separate ways home. Both still to this @CAPS2 saying that, ""that @CAPS2 was epic""."	31
" Each person filed in, one after the other, making a human train. The metallic red bell chimed once as each person pushed the door slightly more open. Walking in, I was enveloped by the smell of @CAPS1 food and conversations that hummed in my ears. I took a few steps forward and stopped, not knowing where to go. To the right was a wall covered in @CAPS1 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 symbols and meanings, while to the left were hundreds of tables already filled. Not knowing where to take my place, I turned to my mom. I so badly wanted to plop myself down at one of the adult tables, even if it meant I had to sit there silently. With moms knowing what's best, she shoved me towards the back of the restaurant, telling me to go sit with my cousins. I did as she told me, like always, but made my reluctance clear. Walking over to the table with the speed of a slug and my feet dragging on the floor, I awkwardly stood in front of the circular table. Yanking out one of the chairs, I turned to my mom with a pleading look as desperation filled every fiber of my body, for I knew there was no way she would give in. Staring at these six relatives, I didn't know how I could manage to sit here the rest of the evening.  We had all gathered at a @CAPS1 restaurant for my grandpa's @NUM1 birthday. Each of his children had flown from the mainland to @LOCATION1 in order to spend this special moment with him. I hadn't seen these cousins for over @NUM2 years, and some much longer. I had already visited with them since we'd been in @LOCATION1, but I hadn't talked to them much, none the less when we were all together and forced to mingle.  With my napkin on my lap, I sat and looked at my cousins, each one staring back at me like I was an animal at the zoo. After a moment or two, they seemed to forget I was there because they averted their gaze and began talking amongst themselves. The only person at the table who I didn't feel like a complete stranger towards was my cousin, @PERSON2. She had wavy brown hair with blindingly blond highlights, sun-kissed from those bright tropical days, along with that brown @CAPS6 skin that made me jealous. We began talking, and soon I found myself enjoying the moment.  It wasn't until the food came that we actually began interacting as a group. Being teenagers with bland palates, everyone stared as the waiter brought the first dish. After asking the friendly waitress what it was we were about to eat, from her broken @CAPS7 we deciphered that they were buns with duck inside. Frantically trying to get all of the tables served in fairly constant intervals, she left our table and all of us looked at our food blankly. No one wanted to take the first bite. One of my cousins, @PERSON1, stepped up to take the masculine role as the dare devil. We all waited tentatively as he chomped down on the moist bun and swallowed. Once done chewing, he smiled and it seemed this dish had won his approval. Digging into my buns, I began to wonder if maybe these people were easy to relate to and I had made a small thing into a big ordea. From then on, I would just be myself and stop worrying about not having seen anybody for years; All I needed was to be myself.  The way the courses were set up left plenty of time to chat between each plate they brought. Since I was no longer worrying about what to say or how to say it, I easily fit into the conversations and began to relax. Shortly after the duck tray was removed from the table, it was discovered that my cousin @PERSON1, who is from @LOCATION2, pronounces certain words with an accent. Soon everybody began comparing the way we pronounce things to the way that he does. After each difference we found, we would chuckle. Things carried on like that for the rest of the @TIME1, everyone laughing at things that were only moderately funny, but we found hilarious.  It was that @TIME1 when I realized, even though you @MONTH1 be uncomfortable around a group of people who you don't know very well, finding a common ground helps you to ease that discomfort. Finding something that you all enjoy talking about @MONTH1 be hard to do, but finding something that makes you laugh is a lot easier. Laughter is something that everyone enjoys and can take part in even if they're not contributing to the conversation. By feeling as though you're a part of what's going on, you feel accepted, and that's all anyone ever wants."	45
" @CAPS8 families @DATE1 in @LOCATION1 was one of exploration, but also one in which we came to regret our move from @LOCATION3 a little. We missed our friends, our connections, but also places. The place @CAPS8 brother and I came to miss second only to our farm was a @CAPS3 we had dubbed ""The @CAPS1, @CAPS1 @CAPS3."" The place itself was a dump. Close to a dairy farm, it reeked of cow pats mixed with cigarettes. I remember that the grass was perpetually dry, and the bridge crossing the @CAPS3 was continually squeaking; it was an old, covered bridge, and on its last leg. So, it wasn't so much the place we missed, but the happy memories associated with our special place. On one particularly mopey day, our father roused us from our rooms, saying that we were going to explore a new @CAPS3. We knew about @CAPS4's adventures; we called them ""@CAPS4-ventures"" because they were truly one of a kind. Most of the time, we ended up miles away from any civilization and stuck in the car with our lunch out of reach. Even at our young ages, we had come to be wary of ""@CAPS4-ventures."" @CAPS7, our mother was able to rouse @CAPS8 brother and I, and we were soon hustled into the car. During the trip, our father was unbearably cheerful. While @CAPS8 brother and I were in the back of the car, pining for our nice, comfortable rooms, @CAPS8 father had the audacity to laugh along to the radio, and open the windows of the car to our protests. Riding with @CAPS8 brother and I in the back were two circular lumps of rubber that had been inflated. I would soon learn that these were called inner tubes, and could be used to drift down the @CAPS3. After what seemed like hours on the road, we arrived at a place called ""@LOCATION2 bend."" @CAPS8 brother and I jumped out of the car, and were met with pristine beauty. Covered in shade, the @CAPS3 flowed noisily, and we could hear it although we were not that close to the @CAPS3 bank. The grass was green and velvety beneath our feet, and the smell of fresh water welling up from the earth was delicious. The light filtered down through the trees and had a crystalline effect on the water. @CAPS8 brother and I hurriedly dressed into our swimsuits, while @CAPS8 father began to cart our food and supplies down the the @CAPS3 bank where we would be spending the day. As soon as we finished dressing, @CAPS8 brother and I chased after him, for the day was warm and the water looked good and cool. When our hunger had been sated, it was time to pull out the inner tubes. The water was nice and fast, with some white water and a very little water fall at the end. Being a rather petite child for @CAPS8 age, even these small obstacles looked like the most insidious of rapids, and they made @CAPS8 eyes widen a little. @CAPS7, I managed to steady myself, and prepared to get wet. At @DATE1, I hung on to @CAPS8 inner tube with clutched fingers and wild eyes, but gradually, I relaxed. I let @CAPS8 hand drift out to causally trail behind me in the water, drawing circles as the sunlight filtered down through the trees. As the water grew faster, I began to feel apprehensive again. I drew sharp, quick breaths as the little waterfall approached me. In reality, it was only about four feet tall, but in @CAPS8 panicked haze, those four feet looked like twelve feet. The white water was suddenly upon me, accompanied by a large and frightful shriek I gave. Somehow, I managed to stay afloat, and @CAPS8 ride left me smiling. I broke into long peals of laughter, laughing away all @CAPS8 homesickness and heartsickness. @CAPS8 brother came down the waterfall, spluttering and giggling, and we laughed together. Our laughter healed us, and for the @DATE1 time since the move, we felt totally and completely at home."	46
" Laughter is an extremely important aspect for maintaining a relationship with someone or even a group of people. Some greatly beneficial uses of laughter include relieving tension in any intense or high pressure situation as well as connecting with other people in a more meaningful way. The implication of laughter is also a great way to create new friends. It is my opinion that healthy relationships whether they be a friendship or even greater, hardly exist without laughter and cannot flourish without it. I personally use laughter on a daily basis for these reasons among many others and it is a monumental element of my relationship with my father's side of the family. One specific example of how I utilize the essential tool of laughter in my family is to reconnect with members whom i have not seen in a long period of time. Laughter is a tremendous element of my relationship with my father's entire family, and small family meetings as well as full family reunions do not exist without it. Being that they are scattered across @LOCATION2, and very few live in the vicinity of @LOCATION1, visiting with these family members is a rare occasion. The most admirable quality of my father's side of the family is the innate sense of humor that everyone shares. Laughter simply seems to be another form of communication for our family and is the main reason we get along so well. Relationships that I share with individual family members can be observed in every family assembly as well. Just @DATE1 my sister was pregnant with her first child and her baby shower was set to be in @DATE2. This event holds a specific example where laughter was a predominant element of a relationship between myself and one of my family members. Not only was I to be the only guy there, but I was also to be placed at a table with my aunt whom I had not seen for over a year. Although we had always enjoyed eachother's company in the past, I dreaded an awkward reunion and sitting in complete silence for the entirety of the festivities. The day of my sister's baby shower inevitably arrived and to my surprise, I was nervous. I assisted with the set up of the decorations as well as the other amenities and found my seat. Within ten minutes of doing so, my aunt and table partner entered and located her seat which was adjacent to mine. However nervous I had been, the very first thing my aunt did eased any tension that had built up in me and reminded me why I get along so well with my father's family. My aunt greeted me by cracking a joke towards how I was the only guy attending the shower. For the duration of the party, all I heard was jokes coming from my aunt and the laughter shared between the two of us. We reconnected and bonded as both family members as well as good friends and the use of laughter was responsible for it all. Through the use of laughter my aunt and I reconnected with one another and possibly had the most fun out of anyone who attended. Whether we were making jokes about some of the party gifts, or simply enjoying one of the ridiculous games, my aunt and myself were laughing hysterically. on this specific day and many others before and after, laughter was not only an element, but was the sole reason for my friendly relationship with my aunt."	43
" Laughter? What is laughter? Well laughter is a contagious disease which is passed around by a group of people from one to the other, ( @CAPS1 speaking) and should be included in every persons life while they are growing up. Here is a true story of how laughter played a key part in my life as a kid. My @CAPS5 has five days of laughter as I call them, that we all celebrate through out the year: birthdays, @LOCATION2, the @DATE1 of @DATE1, @CAPS2 , and @CAPS3. On my birthday the whole @CAPS5 gets together at my grandparents house to celebrate the day I was brought into this world. Usually a couple of days before my birthday my mom grants me the authority to invite some of my friends to come over to go see some event or go to the arcade. Then when we get home we all stay up late playing video games and watching movies.  When @LOCATION2 finally decides to greet us with its colorful eggs and candy, my @CAPS5 meets at my uncles house to hide the eggs for us children to find. Which we always seem to miss at least one every year. While we are finding the eggs our parents are taking them and hiding them again. When we first noticed, it was when my uncle was climbing the willow tree in the back yard and placing the eggs back in the spots where we found them. Then watching him try to climb down again. When that is all over we play a game of hid-n-seek. Which is kinda hard to win when there is fourteen people hiding over a one acre lot. On the @DATE1 every one has their own agenda that they fallow. My dad and me go to @LOCATION1, @ORGANIZATION1 to light @CAPS6 on the third of @DATE1 for @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6. While waiting for the show to start we play a game of laser tag which ends up being a big game of around fifty people or so. Then on the @DATE1 my dad does his own show in the back yard for us kids which is really exhilarating to watch.  Then comes my favorite laughing day @CAPS2. My dad sets up his house as a haunted house. Which is fun since we all get painter and shot up with silly string being flung at us from unseen sources. When we go trick or treating I am usually a solider with a @CAPS8 gun unloaded and fully camouflaged, which makes for an interesting night when they cant find me even though I am right beside them. Later when we get back home it is a competition to see who got the most candy, I usually win because I get to stay out later than my siblings do. Well then, now for the holiday that wraps up all other holidays @CAPS3! a time of gift giving and receiving. mostly receiving for me. We all have a dish we cook and end up with part of that dish on me or whoever dares to enter the kitchen when I am cooking. After every one gets done eating we sit down and commence the opening of the presents in order from youngest to oldest. Then it is a free for all for your own presents until the adults but in and make us go in order again. Its funny to watch them when they are chasing my cousin around the house because he took a present from them. So that is my story of what a year of laughter is for me in a nut shell. That is why laughter should be in everyone's life as they are growing up. It relaxes and builds relationships at the same time. Like a saying my grandparents used to say to us kids when we were sad ""A laugh a day will keep the @CAPS10 at @LOCATION1""."	37
" Laughter is a natural reaction every human being has when they are either happy or have heard or seen something that is funny to them. It is healthy to be happy other than sad or mad. Laughter is pretty much a sign of happiness, as crying is of sadness. It is just another natural emotion any person is born with. I agree to the quote someone once said about laughter being the closest distance between two people because, if two people get along, they will have many moments in life together where they are happy. It is easy to get along with people who have a good sense of humor as for they won't take everything personally and can understand a joke. Its always good to have a sense of humor because its something everyone appreciates, also, that way people can see that you like to have fun when you know you don't have to be serious. When your with a group of friends that you get along with very well, one of the main things you will hear is laughter. It shows that you get along and that your having a good time.  Of course there are times when its better not to laugh, or when people laugh for no reason, which often gets annoying. Yes laughing means your happy, but when its not needed and is used just to cause noise, it is better to be quiet than annoy everyone around you. In my group of friends we are always laughing and joking around with each other, i like when people have a good sense of humor, i feel more relaxed and its easier to talk to them. Unless, that is, they take everything as a joke and never take anything seriously. Even though it is natural, you have to know when you can and cant laugh. Its a way to show happiness, but in certain situations, it can be disrespectful or rude.  Sometimes when I'm with my friends, they @MONTH1 joke around about a certain person, and once it happened like this;at my friends birthday party, we all went to a bowling alley and as always, were all standing around talking and having a good time. While we were talking, @PERSON3 and @PERSON4 were joking around about something so we all started listening to their conversation. They were joking around about something and then @PERSON3 said something as to turn him down in some way, ask a joke, and @PERSON4 said that hes going to get his heart broken. Right after that was said, @ORGANIZATION1 pitched in, adding again. So it turned out to sound like @PERSON4 was going to have his heart broken again. As everyone laughed at it, @PERSON4 looked at @ORGANIZATION1 with a hurt expression and was the only one not laughing. You see, @PERSON4 had a girlfriend that broke up with him about two months ago, @ORGANIZATION1 forgot about that and didn't mean anything when she added ""again"". She meant it as a joke but it turned out to sound very mean. In this case, the laughter caused by @ORGANIZATION1 was meant for @PERSON4, who was hurt by @ORGANIZATION1's comment. Good thing @ORGANIZATION1 noticed and remembered about @PERSON4's ex later that day. She ended up apologizing for saying something she should have thought through more carefully before saying.  How a person takes it when people laugh at them, has a lot to do with friendship. One time, my friends were driving to a party, or home from a party and were listening to music in the car, one of the guys in the car was singing his heard out to a song by @PERSON1. At one point, while he was singing, his best friend suddenly turned down the volume so everyone in the car heard @PERSON2 sing really loud, with no music. Everyone started laughing because @PERSON2 didn't know that @CAPS1 would turn off the music in the middle of something. Even though it was kind of embarrassing, @PERSON2 laughed along because it was pretty funny. If @PERSON2 and @CAPS1 weren't such good friends, i think for sure @PERSON2 would have gotten mad at @CAPS1 for doing such a thing to him while there where other people in the car aside from just them two. Friends understand each others sense of humor, and know when doing something is going to far, or when the other person will think it's funny too and will laugh along. So as you see, laughter can be happy, thankful, annoying, and or mean, you just have to know when it's okay to do, and when it is better not to laugh. Even though it's a natural reaction, it is one that can be controlled and thought about before doing. Next time someone says something that's funny, first think about if it can be insulting to someone before laughing at it and hurting someone. Otherwise, enjoy life and be happy."	33
" I'm going to tell you a story of smiles, laughter, and love. The story of my @DATE3 and how I changed the a girl's life and my own with only smiles and laughs. I have three major memories of my time with her, there was the first smile, the day at the beach, and the @TIME1 at the @LOCATION4. Staring with with the beginning, these memories are about me and my neighbors exchange student @PERSON1 and they are memories, they are not perfect. The @TIME1 I made @PERSON1 smile. It was a cool @DATE2 @TIME1 out on the back lawn of grandmothers house which over looks the @ORGANIZATION1 gorge, perfect for watching the firework show. The lawn was even inclined so the you don't have to sit up. @CAPS1 and @PERSON1 came over to sit with me as i waited for the show. @PERSON1 sat to the left of me and @CAPS1, my neighbor and life long friend, to the right. I was very curious about @PERSON1, what she was like, what part of @LOCATION3 she lived in, how were her costumes different than ours. So i started to ask her some questions as we waited. I didn't get much it was obvious that she was shy, very shy. Finlay I got a conversation going between the three us us about the fire works that had started. @PERSON1 was telling us how the fire works back home in @LOCATION3 were much bigger than ours. Of course me being sarcastic i said ""@CAPS2 really"". She just smiled. the rest of the @TIME1 the conversations flowed much freer between me and @PERSON1 and it was a wonderful evening. Next we have the day at the beach. This happened about @DATE1 for the @TIME1 memory. @PERSON1 and me were good friends and she had lost her shyness and i was starting to really like her. We arrived at the beach the beach down on the @ORGANIZATION1 @LOCATION1. It was starting to becoming a hot day, a perfect day for the beach. We unpacked the towels and other random beach stuff. Soon all of us were in the water, @PERSON1, @CAPS1 (@PERSON1's host sister), @CAPS4 (@CAPS1's boyfriend), and me. In a bit of a flirting mood I started to splash @PERSON1 who happened to be by @CAPS1. This started a very large splash war with every one splashing everyone else. Every one was laughing and having a great time. It abruptly stopped because everyone didn't want water in there face any more. Soon there after I dove under the water an tried to lift @PERSON1 up and then drop her in the water, it underlay failed though because I missed and only caught her right leg. Nothing happened, just more and more laughter. That was a good wet day at the beach. Finally, my @TIME1 memory is the @TIME1 at the @LOCATION4. We had just finished eating dinner and it was @PERSON1's @TIME1 in @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1. By now we were practically boyfriend girlfriend. It was getting dark at @LOCATION2 @LOCATION4 as we arrived at the @LOCATION4 forMovies in the @LOCATION4.. @TIME1 at the @CAPS7 was playing that @TIME1. I found a good spot and set out the blanket. we lay there talking as we waited for the movie to start. I had a flash back of all the laughs that had brought us close together. I knew at moment that I was really going to miss her more than i had missed anyone befor. It felt like the right moment as the sun was setting over the valley, I leaned in and kissed her and she kissed right back, I'll spare you the rest. Afterward we laughed and cried. For she was leaving early the next morning and we were in love. Yes I used the @CAPS8 world but it was and is true. We absolutely did not want the movie to end and yet it still did. As I drove her back to her host family's house we talk about the amazing @DATE3 we had together and all the smiles and laughs we shared. I smiled and laughed a lot that @DATE3 and it did bring me very close to someone. @PERSON1 and I still talk nearly every day it is hard but I've never felt as close to her as any one else. I will always have the memories of that @DATE3, the @DATE2 of @DATE2, That day at the beach, and @PERSON1""s @TIME1 @TIME1 in @LOCATION1. I hope you enjoyed the story of my @DATE3 and I hope you can have an amazing @DATE3 ,like I had."	37
"                            Whats Laughter!How many friends do you really have? What relationships do you have with others? Well, I'm in high school and I usually don't have that many friends. But I have a few and one of my friends @CAPS4 friends with someone that I truly love. (@CAPS1 didn't know that) @CAPS2 year I was a freshmen and i went to the church with some of my friends and their was an @NUM1 grader that fell in the pond/water and I wasn't sure @CAPS20 @CAPS1 was @CAPS3 or not so I end up coming up to him and asked.Me; @CAPS4 you @CAPS3?, do you need some help?@CAPS1 said; @CAPS6, its @CAPS3 I just sprained my ankle.Me; @CAPS3, see you later then.Him. Later thanks for asking though.me; @CAPS9 sure, @CAPS6 problem! The next year when I'm a sophomore I didn't realized that @CAPS1 was going to be their as a freshmen! his name is @CAPS11 I was starting to hang out with him more because @CAPS1 was really funny and sweet.  We went to the @CAPS12 ball together and our other friends were their but i was worried about of some stuffs but @CAPS1 made it butter because at that time i was afraid that my ex was their. @CAPS11 was their to help me and I also didn't know how to dance and their was a song that was on and I didn't realized that i was dancing until @CAPS1 told me that I was so after was dancing with him I end up asking him @CAPS20 I can dance with one of our friends and @CAPS1 said a was able too so me and @PERSON1 ends up dancing and @CAPS1 was their when I needed him. We end up heading outside and I called @CAPS13 @CAPS14 to be picked up. So, in the mean time, we were outside waiting for her. We were laughing at some jokes that we @CAPS15 said to each other. Like one was that @CAPS1 @CAPS15 some thing in his @CAPS15 and acted like that it was a wand of some sort to the school building and @CAPS15 asked like that it was changed to a gingerbread house. Just about a week ago I end up sneaking up behind him and scared him so bad that I end up laughing and @CAPS1 was too. Because @CAPS1 usually doesn't get freaked out like that, and @CAPS1 told me that @CAPS1 is going to get me back and I'm starting to freak out from me not knowing what it @MONTH1 be. @CAPS11 is a great help when i need him!  The thing about laughter in life is that you would need eat ether way your upset or not in the mood.The main thing that was funny from my family is that we prank each other; like my sister would step out of the room and her soda is in the room that I'm in she still @CAPS15 about half of soda in the can their was mustard on the table and she hates mustard form the taste of it but my dad was thinking the same thing that I was wanting to do and that was to put a little bit of mustard in her soda. When she came back to the room I was smiling and my dad was looking at me also my @CAPS17. My sister ends up having some of the soda and she was looking at my @CAPS14 and was like;@CAPS16, who put mustard in my soda? My @CAPS17, @CAPS18, @CAPS14 and myself was laughing and she hates mustard!, @CAPS20 it was something that I didn't like and that was put in my soda I would've done this too. So, mostly I'm trying to say is that their is some laughter that is funny. not all laughter is not funny. Its butter @CAPS20 you don't prank people that is close to your heart because they @MONTH1 get mad at you. Like my sister, @PERSON2 was mad at me when it wasn't me it was my dad's idea."	27
"Benefits of laughter Laughter has always been a big part of my life. when you laugh you are having fun. Having fun puts you in a good mood. When my friends and I get into arguments, or disagreements laughter can be our mediator. Laughter can make a bad situation slightly bearable. Laughter even has great health benefits like working out your core, and lungs. One of my best friend's mom recently passed away right before @CAPS1. Her name was @CAPS2. She was like a second mother to me for several reasons. I had known her for @NUM1 years, and for a small amount of time i even lived at her house. She was basically a mother figure to me, because i don't live with my birth mother. I use to see her almost everyday, because of my friend @PERSON1. He is @NUM2 and we hang out just about every day. I remember the morning he called me and told me his mom was dead on the floor in her bedroom. I ran over there as fast as i could when i saw the ambulance lights. My other friend @PERSON2 spent the @TIME1 at @PERSON1 house the @TIME1 his mom died. When i made it to @PERSON1's house he instantly started to cry on my shoulder. It was wise not to try and make @PERSON1 happy with laughter, because nothing is really funny when a loved one passes away. As time went on @PERSON2 and I started to think of ways to cheer up @LOCATION1. We wanted to get his mind off of his mother. Wouldn't you know it the best way to do so was laughter. I'm the jokester in my group of friends. So some how i have the ability to make people laugh without thinking. I'm more of a doer not a thinker. Id rather see my friends in a good mood than in a bad mood. If people are in a bad mood there is this bad aura or vibe you can just feel it. Its a very undesirable feeling. Laughter cheers up my friends when they are feeling down. Laughter helped make a bad situation like my friends mom dying into a slightly more comfortable situation. Laughter along with trust, and respect are @CAPS3 bring my friends and I together."	37
" Laughter is one of the most important elements in one's life. If you're down, one smile, or laugh, causes your body to send messages throughout you body making you feel better. Scientists also say that it takes more muscles to frown than smile. I believe that this is true, because in order to frown, you have to make your whole body look like it's frowning, like your shoulders and your face, but only a little smile shows people that you're happy. In that way, my family is extremely beneficial to each other. Everyday when we're having a conversation, someone will bring up a story, or movie quote that they were reminded of and say it out loud to everybody with just the right accent so that it sounds exactly like the movie, and cause everyone to laugh. For example, every now and again, my brother or sister will bring up a quote from @PERSON1 or @PERSON2, two comedians we really enjoy listening to, and every person in the room would pitch in with hilarious quotes they said and this could go on all night. Or, a little while ago, my favorite movie wasGet @CAPS1 because it was quite entertaining, so we would have rampages over supper or just randomly in the kitchen quoting that one movie for at least half an hour and the room would be filled with non-stop laughter. On the other hand, someone will make a random comment because they heard wrong, or just don't understand. Like when we were having a dinner party at my house. My family and our guests were sitting at the table just finished eating when we got onto the topic of @CAPS2 @CAPS3 because my little sister was learning about them in school. We verbally completed the train of ""Which @CAPS4 ruled @CAPS5, who they came from, and @CAPS5 they're other names were"". But according to my little sister, we missed one. So, out of the blue comes ""@CAPS5 about @CAPS6?!"". Her intentions were about the @CAPS4, but I believe everyone in the room heard ""@CAPS5 about @CAPS9 @CAPS10?!"", until we paused for a second and processed @CAPS5 she meant, and we all laughed and she had no idea why until she stopped to think about it herself. Our family has good times filled with laughter and jokes, but there are also a few very depressing times. About four years ago, an incident happened with my next door neighbor that caused him to be brutally attacked and pass away on our door step. He was very dear to my family and the rest of the cul-de-sac we live in, and for him to die like that was extremely unexpected and terrible to wake up to in the middle of night. After that, there was a period of not very much laughter and fun because we were all haunted by this horror. But, we all knew that his spirit was there to protect us, and so whenever we thought of that, there was a gap between the mourning of his loss, only to be filled in with happiness and laughter. I believe that my family and I have a really tight connection between each other, because we're so funny. There's never any stress between us, but always a calm sense of familiarity and bonding. Someone once said ""Laughter is the shortest distance between two people."" I believe that, whoever that person is, is right. Even between two strangers that run into each other on the street, if they stop and have a conversation, and one person cracks a joke causing them both to laugh, it's the spark to an immediate connection, and they could become friends for a long time. This is one of the most important values that people have, and most people overlook how much it really matters to humanity."	45
" One day, a day before the party for my brother's @DATE1 to be exact. We were setting up party stuff and cleaning the house and the apartment because that's were the boy's will be hanging out and sleeping. My cousin @PERSON4 and I were helping mom and the boy's that were already here and their names would be @PERSON5 , @CAPS1 and @CAPS2. @PERSON6 was already here of course because he's the @DATE1 boy. The boy's were suppose to be cleaning the apartment but their boy's and the only things on theirs minds are girls and video games. They played video games instead of cleaning and mom got mad. Lucky for them mom was in a very good mood or they would have got @CAPS7. The last to boy's showed up now.   The last two boy's showed up and their names are @PERSON2 and @PERSON3 and @PERSON1 is showing up tomorrow after noon. @PERSON6 was so exited that he was turning @NUM1 years old , he said "" I'm @NUM1 years old now no one can tell me what to do"" and I laughed and said ""@PERSON6 go make me a sandwich"" and he said ""@CAPS3"" and I said ""so much for no one can tell me what to do"" and everyone laughed at him. He gave me my sandwich and all the boy's went to the apartment to clean @CAPS7 but when I got in there they set up @PERSON5's x-box @NUM3 and was playing @CAPS7. I told them to get cleaning but they decided not to listen so I got mom and they sure listened to her. She took @CAPS7 and put @CAPS7 on the kitchen table. They were not happy. They finally cleaned the apartment and got the x-bow back. @TIME1 all of us were watching movies and playing broad games then mom told @PERSON4 and I to clean my room , maybe a hour after that she walked by and said "" bed time"" and boy's go to the apartment. The next mourning.  The next mourning @PERSON4 and I woke up to the sun hitting us in the eyes and I said ""what a great way to start off the day"" and @PERSON4 said ""I know"". The best part of today is that we get to hang out with the boy's. When @PERSON4 and I got into the living room everybody was in the kitchen and partly in the living room. @TIME1 that @TIME1 the boy's thought @CAPS7 would be fun if they played cops and rubbers. The apartment was the jail. @PERSON2 , @CAPS2 , @PERSON6 were the cops and @PERSON5 and @CAPS1 were the rubbers. @PERSON4 and I wanted to play so we went outside and ran into @PERSON5 on the otter side of the apartment , he was the only one who knew we were outside. When I was running to hide behind the trees I felling in the hole that turns off the water for the apartment and my leg looked like cottage cheese and @CAPS7 was gushing blood and you could see my bone. I had to stop playing for the @TIME1. Mom told @PERSON4 and I to go to bed.  The next mourning mom woke us up and asked if we want eggs and bacon and we said ""yes"". I crawled out of bed because I needed to go to the bathroom so @PERSON4 helped me up the stairs and when we were coming down the stairs @PERSON5 saw me hurting and being the amazing boyfriend he is he picked me up and carried me to the couch in the living room and sat me down on the couch and kissed the top of my head and said ""good mourning beautiful"" and I said ""good mourning to you to baby"". Now everybody is standing around for their food to be done. The boy's are making pizza if you wanted to know. Then my little sister @CAPS6 walked in to the kitchen and said ""ma'am I want a cookie"" and mom said "" okay , here you go baby"". @CAPS6 ran off with a very big smile on her face. The boy's got their pizza now and they just went back to the apartment. @PERSON4 and I looked at mom and said ""wow"" mom's like i know. We all laughed and started talking about boy's and friends , family , animals. @CAPS7 was a very fun weekend and even though I got hurt we still made the best of @CAPS7. Even though I got hurt and cant do anything for the next two months or so , we still had a blast with each other and @PERSON6 said "" @CAPS7 was his most favorite @DATE1 he's ever had so far . @CAPS6 wanted her friend to come over but she had fun with mom and @PERSON4 , the boy's when they came in the house and I. Sometimes you got to work with what you got and @CAPS7 might turn out more fun than your normal plan you made. Just make sure your happy with the people around you. "	30
" The members of my immediate family are known to be both incredibly clumsy and easily startled. Broken dishes are a common occurrence in our house; as are spilled drinks, stubbed toes, and blood-chilling screams whenever the toaster pops up. Though all of us are used to these types of things, not everyone around us is, which can lead to interesting encounters. Many people find pleasure in jabbing me in the sides to hear me scream, and laugh when I trip over the slightest crack in the floor. Though it can get annoying sometimes, it @MONTH1 also give me a reason to get over my pride and laugh at myself, thus relieving any tensions I @MONTH1 have been feeling about the social setting. For example, a few years ago I was staying with my @CAPS1 @CAPS2 troop at @LOCATION1. Any situation involving large groups of people can be intimidating, but it is increasingly terrifying when the group is made up of girls, ages four to eighteen, with only a few adults thrown in to make sure the girls do not bludgeon each other to death. Worse still was that where I was staying, which was a hybrid somewhere between a cabin and a tent, the majority of the girls were in middle school and, needless to say, we did not always get along. Despite the fact that we were not all the best of friends, though, there were times when we were able to get past the petty differences, such as who was cool and who was not, and enjoy the time we had to talk and joke around with people who were in similar places in life. On one such occasion, I was attempting to make my bed on one of the top bunks, and was in the process of stretching my sheet over the petrified mattress which @MONTH1 have possibly been around in @NUM1 @CAPS3.C. Being the intelligent person that I am, I decided to lean against the wall behind me for balance, forgetting, of course, that there was in fact no wall, but only a thin, cloth-like material which could not support my weight. The second I realized what I had done, I reached about frantically for something to hold on to and tried in vain to keep myself from plummeting backwards to the floor and my certain death. Milliseconds before I would smash into the hard wood floor, I managed to grab a hold of one of the bars on the side of the bed and hung on for dear life, swinging back and forth and back and forth. Finally, I let go and propelled myself, almost gracefully, onto the bed sitting underneath mine. It was a very long time before the laughter died down. In that short amount of time, cliques and biases and grudges were all forgotten as we became not just a bunch of random girls placed in a room together, but a group with our own strengths and weaknesses; passions and flaws. Though the adolescent years are incredibly difficult and there are many times when it feels like you are the loneliest person in the world, it is always comforting to know that there are other people who laugh and cry just like you and experience many of the same joys and embarrassments as you do. One of the most essential skills to learn is that you have to be able to laugh at yourself from time to time and let yourself be vulnerable in front of other people. We @MONTH1 not all be the same, but we all have the same basic desires for love, acceptance, and laughter."	41
" Laughter can not only be a benefit to ourselves but to others as well. We only seem to use it whenever you feel the need to become happy, but in reality it shouldn't be the only reason why. Laughter is not only being able to feel better but to let out what you need to let out. Being able to enjoy yourself is pride and you should feel better about yourself. Whenever you laugh, how do you feel? Do you feel like the world is lifted off of your shoulders and you feel better about yourself? I don't mean you have to laugh so loud and so much that you fall off your chair and roll around but a simple chuckle would do the trick. Watch your favorite movie or go have fun with friends, as long as you are laughing you will and should feel better about yourself. That brings us to what happens around @CAPS2 family.  When I was younger I would go on trips with @CAPS2 family up to @LOCATION2. At the time I lived in @LOCATION1. Every @DATE1 we would cram anywhere from five to nine people in a van and be on our way. Having hardly any space of your own you would think it wouldn't be any fun. All in all we would have some fights about where to stop on the way from food or when to turn but nothing too serious. Being younger then everybody I was wildly bored. So to fix the problem I would make @CAPS2 family tell jokes, make funny faces, do something. Right when somebody would let out a joke or made a face, I would crack up laughing. Pure bliss and pure innocent. It didn't mean that they were funny or that they were even trying but to let up the intense shoulders, I would laugh. When we would get to where we were staying on @CAPS2 great grandparents land, we would cram yet another time, in a small area for our sleeping. Everybody would get a cot and would have to endure the warm daylight and the harsh cold bitter @TIME1. The cold nights were the ones that got to all of us the most, because @CAPS2 great grandparents had land meant that the place we were to stay at wasn't filtering heat. Sleeping bag and the clothes on your back were the only thing that we were able to get. So when the sun slipped slowly from shinning its bright light among us, we'd bundle up. Knowing me I did not listen to what @CAPS2 family sad and I would drink tons of water before I rest @CAPS2 head against the cot.  If you have common sense, which when I was younger did not. You would know that if you drink a lot before you go to bed and having the cold surround your body, you would have to use the restroom at some point during the @TIME1. Because @CAPS2 aunt was only @NUM1 years older then me, should would be the one that would have to wake up to walk me outside, down the driveway, to the porter potty, wait for me, then go back to sleep while trying to shake off the shivers that controlled her like the puppet master. Knowing @TIME1, she was not happy with @TIME1 situations, I'm sure nobody would be. The last time she took me, she made sure it was the last time she would get up to take me to the restroom.  The @TIME1 came that she had to take me. We started walking down the driveway. The wind was not like other nights, ripping every which way and piercing through @CAPS2 skin. Another odd thing about @TIME1 was instead of the dull tired face @CAPS2 aunt usually would have, she was awake, more the awake, she seemed to have a slight grin on her face. Since it was pitch dark she had the flash light with her. She opened the door to let me in and shinned the light down in the cracks so I would be able to see more clearly. Once I was done, I felt the shaking of the porter potty and heard in the voice of a monster the ""@CAPS1 y was coming to get me, run, run run!"" @CAPS2 blood rushed all over, warmth is what I remember feeling. Pushing the door open, screaming, running for @CAPS2 ""safety"" is what went through @CAPS2 mind. As I realized @CAPS2 aunt wasn't with me, I looked back. Only to find her laughing uncontrollably at what just happened. The meaning behind @TIME1 would be that you can just turn a bad situation into a good one if you rearrange the problem. You can turn it into a laughing matter instead of a dreaded time. @CAPS2 aunt making me do something she would think was funny would be a better sense for her and relieve her from whatever she thought she felt. Its a cause and effect placement. Causing me to panic effected her to be at more of an ease."	35
" Laughter is an essential component to any relationship, as it can erase any previous uneasy feelings and has a tendency to bring two people together. This phenomenon stays true whether the individuals involved are in the same room, talking over the telephone, or even communicating over the internet. My best friend and I share a special bond in which laughing has played a large role in keeping us together.  Laughter can keep people together even in times of hardship. My best friend, @LOCATION1, is @CAPS1, and we have shared many laughs over the @DATE1 years we have been friends. We first met while playing an online computer game and immediately enjoyed each others comments and comical statements. We would immediately burst into laughter when one of us would say something that could be considered even the slightest bit funny. He and I shared many laughs over the next two and a half years. Recently his family had financial troubles and was not able to pay the internet and phone bills for several months. Work during this time seemed to be more of a burden than usual, as I had few people I could truly relax and have a laugh. Only the occasional laugh with my friends who live locally could cause me to forget the disappointment I had from missing one of my greatest friends. @DATE1 weeks ago there seemed to be some hope that my best friend and I would be again able to communicate as before. While staying up @TIME1 one @TIME1 doing homework, I noticed that I had received a message from the long-lost @LOCATION1. I immediately chuckled inside, thinking of the good times we had shared just a month earlier. To my disappointment, the message which I received was not to tell me that he had internet at his house once again, but to thank me for the @CAPS2 gift and to tell me he was at another friends house for the @TIME1. He also mentioned that he would enjoy playing a game or two with me during this time. While this provided some comfort, it did not fully satisfy my hunger for laughter because his computer which he had taken with him was missing the drivers which allowed the use of a microphone. That afternoon, though somewhat disappointing, reminded me of the many great times we had shared together. One @DATE1 ago, my hopes were finally confirmed when @LOCATION1 messaged me to tell me that he had internet again. Though we had missed being together during the @DATE1 break, we were thrilled to once again be able to communicate. I am glad the @TIME1 he chose to get internet was a @DATE2, because we played and laughed till @TIME1. The laughter which we shared that @TIME1 washed the disappointment far from both our minds. My days are once again complete, as they are now an almost perfect balance of work and laughter. Laughter truly does bring people together, far more than I had previously realized. Though my best friend and I are thousands of miles apart, when we talk and laugh together, it seems as though he is in the same room with me. I hope that some day soon we @MONTH1 be able to actually be in the same room, sharing laughs and enjoying life. This example is just one of the many where laughter has greatly improved the outcome of a particular situation, making the individuals involved even closer together than they had been before."	40
" Laughter leads to happiness. Happiness is a key to life. Laughing is a communication click with life, it brings you a warm feeling inside @CAPS1 you laugh. Think about it. For example, @CAPS1 you go on your first date with this wonderful guy that you are so excited but yet nervous because you don't know how he is going to act. You have all these thoughts going through your mind like, will he like what I'm wearing? Will he think I'm beautiful? What do i talk about? and trust me i bet you he is think the exact same things you are. You get to the restaurant and hes a gentlemen, he pulls your chair out for you and comes off sweet as can be. The first thing he dose is make you laugh. Laughing really changes things doesn't it? makes you feel you know comfortable.    Now lets take it back. You show up with guy he says, ""hello"" you sit down and he talks about the most boring subjects, doesn't smile talks kinda of quiet, makes you bring up all the subjects to talk about.Witch couple do you think is more likely to go forward? The first example right? laughing lights up everything smiling makes people happy and it feels comforting.   laughter and smiles i know falls under the same category i mean @CAPS1 you smile your happy. @CAPS1 you laugh you have to smile and usually @CAPS1 your laughing your happy about something or someone. i love @CAPS1 people make me laugh and smile it makes you feel like everything's going to be ok, @PERSON1 @CAPS1 it's not. people don't realize part of communication is smiling and laughter, they kinda ignore and come as kinda, well ya know boring witch makes a person no fun at all. Everyone has to have some joy in there life, and if not there are people out there that can help.  Do you notice gloomy people? People that are sad all the time kind of afraid of life? Maye been through a lot of hard times. Gosh I cant even imagine what some people are going through what some people are going through these days but anyway, smile lightens there heart. Makes them feel just maybe not much but better than they were feeling. just by passing on a face showing that you don't know them but maybe you can feel that there not doing well, or are hurting.   I work at a restaurant in my town here in @LOCATION1 as a waitress. I love my job and i enjoy making people smile and laugh, it makes them feel comfortable. This lady walked in my work and it was a late after noon. She we looking around at all the other customers, but it wasn't the people that were sitting with here sisters or brothers even kids. It was the couples she was looking at she looked very unhappy and it seemed to me that she probably was in a divorcee or break up she just looked very sad. knowing myself all i wanted to do was help her even put a smile on her face because i care. I went over to her table and sat down by here, remember i don't even know this lady. I looked at her and said "" you know everything is going to be alright"" and smiled at her. Within seconds her face lit up it was like the whole restaurant had lit up. She put a smile on her face. You know its the little things in life that make everything ok. "	33
"                       My @CAPS1  @CAPS2 was a warm, @DATE1 @TIME1 in @LOCATION3, @LOCATION1. The stars were out and there wasn't a cloud to be seen. As usual on the weekends, most of the family was over; as well as some friends. I was just a little girl who loved everyone and everything, especially laughing. Anyone could make me laugh, smile and have a good time. One person, however, could make me laugh for hours straight. That person was my @CAPS1.  My @CAPS1, @PERSON1, came over to hang out with the rest of the family and friends that were at my house. He was talking, laughing, and having a really good time. Of course, I was only about five or six years old at the time; but to me, aside from my dad, my @CAPS1 was the coolest person in the world. That @TIME1, I was playing with my friends and not really paying attention to all of the adults. All of a sudden, my @CAPS1 came up to me, gave me a big hug and started to talk to me. I was so happy. Since I loved to joke around and laugh, I was thrilled to have all the attention. I used to call them laugh attacks. Anytime my @CAPS1 talked to me, I started laughing and I would laugh so hard that I couldn't stop. That @TIME1, I had one of them. My @CAPS1 and I were joking around and making fun of each other. Then, out of nowhere, I realized that I was laughing so hard that my stomach hurt. @CAPS2 went on for about an hour straight. That was long after my @CAPS1 left and went back to the adults. My friend, @LOCATION2, sat next to me and tried to get me to stop laughing. She was laughing too, but not as much as me.  Finally, after a long hour or so, I got myself to calm down. The rest of the @TIME1 was great but every so often, I started to laugh again. There was absolutely no way that I was going to stop giggling until I went to bed. After a long @TIME1 of having a good time, everyone left and went home. When my @CAPS1 came to say goodbye to me, I was upset that he was leaving, but I knew that I would see him again. The next day, I was right about being able to stop laughing. I still smiled and hung out with my family, but I wasn't laughing uncontrollably.    My @CAPS1 was and still is a huge part of my life. He is always the person that can make me laugh and forget about all of my worries. Even though I don't live near him anymore, I can still talk to him on the phone and laugh and joke around with him. When I go visit him down in @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 seems like we just pick things up where they left off. We don't even think about the fact that we haven't seen each other in a really long time.   When my dad passed away, my @CAPS1 was always there for me. He is the one male figure that I still have in my life. After everything that I've gone through, I could always count on him to brighten the mood and make me laugh, or at least smile. People really do need a person like my @CAPS1 in their lives. @CAPS2 really does help to know that you have someone that loves you and can brighten your day. All you have to do is talk to him. My relationship with my @CAPS1 is very close, and the one thing that kept @CAPS2 that way is all of the laughs that we have shared through the years. Laughter is a huge part of anyone's life. I have grown up around laughter and the thought of always being happy. Throughout my life, I have had to deal with pain, loss, and sadness. However, after everything that I have come through, I can always come out laughing. When I was eleven years old, my dad passed away. At an even younger age, my parents got divorced. No matter how much those things hurt me, I never stopped laughing and moving on with my life."	35
" Close people to you enjoy the moment you have shared with them and remembering it back brings laughter for what had occurred in that moment. Laughter brings people you have known from a long time together because you have had a feeling for that person and for the moment. Laughing at the memories that were spent with that person and enjoying it can make you closer to that person and it can be important to that relationship. In fact, it has happened to me before; laughter came to me when i saw a special video from my past. It was when one of my favorite cousins was two years old and i was three years old at a family party. My cousin was very chubby and with straight hair, but that day she was very sick from fever. I was very different because i had curly hair and was short. We both had a dress on, but the dresses had different styles. Then everyone at the party was having fun and we were, too. The video got to the part when my cousin and i were bouncing up and down grabbing our dress and making a show for everyone at the party. In that time we were suppose to be dancing. It seemed we were having to much fun that day. Afterward, my youngest brother came close to where we were dancing to see us dance, but he was caring with him a cup of soda. Then one of the grown ups gets up from its chair and bumps into him and he drops his cup of soda which splashed my cousin and me. All of our dress were wet, dirty ,and sticky from the soda. We both stopped dancing and sat down on the ground and started to cry. My aunt and my mom changed us to something else, but later when we saw my brother we were so mad that we didn't answer him when he asked us something or wanted to talk to us for that fact. Later on, we were having fun again and talked to him back again. Finally, the video stopped. It's important that laughter gets people closer to someone because together they're having a great moment while laughing. My cousin and i watching the video remembering our memories made us laugh from what happened to both of us. We have shared the same feelings and the innocent we were at that age. We noticed how much we had changed right now from all the funny times we had enjoyed together. We did realize that it was not my brothers fault for splashing us with soda. Laughing from all the moments we shared helped my cousin and me to be more united. Obviously, in different time in life you react in a different way, but laughing in that moment or later on gets people together. Sometimes in time feelings are different, but laughing is important because you're sharing the moment of happiness with someone. I remember events from my past with my family and we get closer to each other and have some laughter for the happy moments.  "	40
"                                              The @CAPS1 Of @DATE2 The warm @DATE2 sun, pools to cool down children, parents joining with friends and family to have picnics and potlucks, and late night slumber parties. Then there's my @DATE2 @CAPS1.The sunshine came in bright throughout the window illuminating the whole room, I awoke to see the bright light of the sun. I ran into my brother @PERSON2's room, to make sure he was up and ready to start the day with me. He clearly was; the early riser himself. We left his room and started to smell the sweet aroma of chocolate chip cookies, we booked it down the hall into the kitchen to talk to mom about what we were going to do that day. When we got there mom turned around to show us her gigantic belly, which was holding my soon to be baby brother, we asked her what we were doing that day. Disappointed at her answer she had nothing planned. My brother and I were bummed but we quickly got dressed and went to the backyard where we were pitching together, the ball hit softly on my nice leather glove while on my brothers it made a slap. My mom came outside and yelled to @PERSON2 to go over to the sliding glass door, for a second I thought I was in trouble for pitching too hard to @PERSON2 but luckily that wasn't the case. My mom then called me over as well to let me know my cousin was coming over. My first thought was great @ORGANIZATION2's coming over! Then I started to think, my cousin @ORGANIZATION2 is weird... she is always making up lies, telling non funny jokes, playing with @PERSON1 @CAPS2 cards, and playing weird stupid video games. I quickly ask my mom when she is coming so I can ready myself, for whatever I am going to have to put up with my mom tells me fifteen minutes. I quickly run past her into my room where my phone is, and call my neighbors @DATE1 and @ORGANIZATION1 to see if I could hang out. Their mom answers and says I can come over there as soon as the girls chores are done, excited I tell my mom I will be at the neighbors house for a little while and @PERSON2 would have to hang with @ORGANIZATION2 while I'm gone. Shes tells me that its alright as long as I leave before @ORGANIZATION2 gets here. I await the phone call telling me that I can go over to their house. Noon is rolling around and they still haven't called, @ORGANIZATION2 will be here soon and I am tired of waiting. I decide to go out front where I can roller-blade around the block, I tell @PERSON2 that I am going outside and he tags alone with me. @PERSON2 and I put on our roller blades and head out of the garage, my mom comes out right as we are about to leave and tells us @ORGANIZATION1 called and we can go over there now, we rush in and quickly try to step up the stairs in the garage to the house. Slipping as we try to shove each other out of the way with the roller blades on, I finally get inside and start unhooking the latches. Get them off and head for the door when all of the sudden I hear a knock just as I reach for the door, it's @ORGANIZATION2. I hurry out the the door saying hello to my cousin as I quickly escape to the neighbors house. I get to @ORGANIZATION1's house and we decide to go outside to play, and run with her new puppy. We play for a little while then decide we should go inside and get a snack we do, then the doorbell rings. @ORGANIZATION1 runs to the door with the puppy at her heels and lets the people in, I turn around from the table to see who it is and see @ORGANIZATION2 and @PERSON2 standing inside the door. They came over to play too, I let @DATE1 know we should watch a movie. She went over to the movie cabinet and pulled out the brand new @CAPS3 movie!  We all sit down and start to watch the movie each with a bowl of popcorn. We watched almost all of it when the doorbell rang, the puppy bolted to the door and @DATE1 got up to answer it this time my mom stepped inside and told @ORGANIZATION2, @PERSON2 and I that it was time to leave. The puppy was ecstatic to see my mother so she peed all over the linoleum floor. @ORGANIZATION2 didn't notice the dog pee on the floor, so she ran for the door to get her shoes on and she went flying backwards into the dog pee everyone was laughing even @ORGANIZATION2. We said our thank you's and headed back to my house to eat dinner and get @ORGANIZATION2 ready to leave. The most enjoyable moments are with the people you love, they can make you laugh and cry. : @CAPS4."	36
" Recently over the @DATE2 of @DATE1 I was fortunate enough to meet my uncle whom I have never consciously met. This to me was a major part of learning about my family because I met up with not only my uncle , but my legitimate comedian aunt who I have known since I could remember ,and my father at a local @CAPS1 restaurant called @ORGANIZATION2. These three were all siblings, and this allowed me to peer into what siblings will joke about , talk about , and bring forth a feeling of nostalgia for each other. I myself have a stepsister, but the degree of nonsense being presented before me was of a much greater magnitude than I could ever fathom. Everyone was constantly in a state of laughter from the stories of the shenanigans that my father and his brother and @CAPS2 managed to get into. At one point I started having a very hard time breathing.The stories and all-together bad jokes being distributed made me understand that in my family there have been a long line of relatives who inherited some gene that forces us to tell bad jokes. Not even inappropriate but plain stupid jokes. I realized that my children will be telling bad jokes. We dined there for a couple of hours before my dad had to leave for his home up in @LOCATION3, and I needed to be taken home to my family here in @LOCATION4. But tomorrow was planned for a day of exploration of @ORGANIZATION3 and plenty of stupid jokes to be exchanged. I woke up the next day got dressed and prepared myself for laughter I was aware I would be keeling over because of. When I met with uncle and my aunt as well as my uncle's girlfriend we set off towards the fish hatchery on what I believe was the @LOCATION1. All the jokes started slow because everyone was tired and still waking for the rest of the day's trip. We arrived at the hatchery and we began by feeding some fish they have out in a pond.We watched the fish as they swam around in their concrete canals for at least twenty minutes. We then progressed through the hatchery and soon returned to the car and made our trip to @ORGANIZATION1. Once we had parked outside the @ORGANIZATION1 we could hear the beautiful sound of rushing, so beautiful I really needed to pee. We walked along the paths and eventually climbed up a an outlined path to get a get closer view of the @ORGANIZATION1 and we were enthralled. I was being tortured by the thought of using the restroom. I was able to hold it, but it shortened our visit to the @ORGANIZATION1 which was an inconvenience to everyone else but they obliged. I will remember the @ORGANIZATION1 for it's pure natural beauty. After visiting the @ORGANIZATION1 we were going to the very tourist friendly town of @CAPS2's @ORGANIZATION3. We drove by and I nearly lost my mind when I saw the alpacas. Before we did anything at @CAPS2's I first found a restroom and we were later all in agreement that we should get something to eat. A @CAPS4 themed restaurant was an obvious choice and we decided to satisfy our hunger at this fine establishment. They seated us and our host was a very nice young woman. we scanned the menu for something that sounded appetizing. I had found this restaurant was a winner of tastiest burger awards. Falling into temptation I had to order one of these burgers. I do not regret doing this because it was one of the best burgers I have ever had the delight of eating. After satisfying the hunger plaguing us , our group began to browse the gift-shops and the silly novelties that they carried. From bookstores to art galleries to a shop that sold nuts and spices until we came upon an @CAPS5-cream shop. After walking around for the day, @CAPS5-cream was the best thing in our mind to have at the time. I had a very peculiar flavor with berries in it. But I've yet to try a significantly better flavor. When we got our @CAPS5-cream my uncle began to share stories of @LOCATION5 which is where he was visiting from. Quite honestly I wish I could have gone back with him to @LOCATION5, it sounded like a grand city with plenty of places to explore. Sadly I could not, but it is now my goal to eventually visit him where he is living in @LOCATION5. We finished our @CAPS5-cream and then made our way toward the car and drove to @PERSON1 to eat at a very good @CAPS9 restaurant @NUM1o @CAPS10's. We dined there and our stomach was full of exquisite food, almost an entire day of very tasty and savory delights. That was my uncle's @DATE1 day in @LOCATION2. I now wish he would visit more often because of the good time we had on our little expedition across @LOCATION2 with the plethora of bad jokes and stories along with it."	40
" My high school @CAPS1 basketball team isn't the best team, but the one thing that we do have, is the ability to make each other laugh. At the start of @DATE1 the school held try outs and the teams were decided. After graduating seniors and some players not coming out, or team was brand new. Full with all different ages of players. we all were civil with each other at practices but we weren't all best friends that wanted to hang out outside of practice. The @CAPS1 team decided to take a retreat to the beach and stay @CAPS2 for a weekend.  When we went to leave to the beach our phones were taken and we had assigned seats in the cars. This trip seemed like it was going to be a long one with out my phone. We arrived at the house @TIME1. As we all found somewhere to relax, shower or sleep myself and most of the team ended up in the living room conversing with the coaches. we all sat on the floor recalling stories about the game from that @TIME1 or funny stories from our past. By the time we finished telling stories it had reached @TIME2 and everyone in the house was either tired or hungry.  As we sat on the floor complaining about tiredness or hunger we all started to turn our attention to @LOCATION1. @PERSON1 was starting to go on a tirade about how hungry she was. In her opinion she thought the house we were staying in should of already been stoked with food for us for when we got @CAPS2, but @CAPS2 was no food. As she continued on her rant she became more and more mad which made us laugh harder and harder. Finally she reached her point. ""@CAPS2's no steak or chicken up in these mother freak-in cabinets."" @PERSON1 proclaimed. At that point the coaches and players started laughing uncontrollable. @PERSON1 didn't understand why it was so funny, but we kept laughing and laughing at the fact that she just said that @CAPS2 should be steak and chicken in the cabinets. The outburst of laughter continued on for the next five to ten minutes.  When we finally started to calm down @PERSON2 came down stairs. She had missed everything that had happened and as we went to fill her in @LOCATION1 stopped us. ""@PERSON2 @CAPS4 up on the counter and look in the cabinet,"" @PERSON1 said. @PERSON2 hesitantly got up on the counter and slowly started to open the cabinet. When she opened the cabinet she looked inside and all she could see was chips. She turned around and looked at @LOCATION1. ""@CAPS3?"" asked @PERSON2. As she turned to @LOCATION1, @PERSON1 just sat @CAPS2 smiling. Then she finally answered the question. ""@CAPS4 me some of those chips right @CAPS2!"" @PERSON1 said.  Everyone in the room started laughing as @PERSON2 was so confused to why she was asked to @CAPS4 on a counter just so she could @CAPS4 @PERSON1 chips, who had been sitting next to the counter the whole @TIME1. The whole basketball team started laughing again. @PERSON2 got down from the counter but with no chips in hand. We all continued laughing and kept talking about @CAPS3 had just happened for the next @NUM1 minutes.  As everyone finally started to settle into their beds for the @TIME1 @CAPS2 were still those moments of ""@CAPS5 when this was said"", and ""@CAPS5 when she did this"". That first @TIME1 that we spent at the beach did more for us then we realized. By going to the beach and making memories together we were brought together by two common things. The love for basketball, and most of all the ability to be able to come together as a team all because of the memories we shared that @TIME1 in the kitchen. Today we still @CAPS4 on each others nerves and sometimes we lose our tempers with another but, we will always laugh about the crazy things that happened on the trip but the thing we laugh about the most is @CAPS3 happened that @TIME1 in the kitchen.   "	40
      Have you ever laughed so hard that you peed?That @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 not have happened to me. In my story I'm going to talk about the funniest time I have ever had with my best friend @CAPS1.       How it all started was that it was my best friends birthday and she was going to spend the night at her grandmas house. She invite only me to come with her so I couldn't say no. @CAPS1's grandma owned a @CAPS2 @CAPS3. She was old and was in a @CAPS2 @CAPS3 club. I don't know about you but it always seems to me that old people have to be in some kinda of club. So anyways in her her club what the did was go on trips. @CAPS1 and I thought that would be fun to go on a trip. So we meant everyone at @ORGANIZATION1.         @CAPS1's grandma let us go intro the store to buy drinks for that trip. I wanted @CAPS4. The bottle was really cool. It had a top like a water bottle would have. I got the red kind cause it the best. We got are drinks and @CAPS1's grandma said to go to the car while she talked to the adults about the trip.      So here is the funny part of the story. I got into the car first. I was pretty thirsty so I decided to unscrew the cap it pulled open to paper back on the sell. I twisted the cap back on and took a drink. Mean while @CAPS1 got into the car and closed the door behind her cause her grandma was talking to the adults. While she was closing it she got her hair caught in the door. She was laughing and yelling at me to come help her. I was laughing too hard to come help her. I had my drink between my legs and the cap was open and remember its like a water bottle cap. I laughed so hard that I squeezed my legs together and my juice went straight into the front seat. It didn't get and were else just into her grandma seat. It was like a rocket it was so funny. @CAPS1 with her head still stuck in the door asked what that notice was on the seat. I told her it was my juice. Then was both started laughing.         I don't know why but @CAPS1 just pulled on her head and her head was no longer stuck. The was like ten pieces of her hair stuck in the car door. She looked at the seat and said we have to tell her grandma about it. I didn't want her to be mad at me cause her seats were white. I thought it would stain. But we ended up telling her. She told us to go get napkins from the bathroom. The whole time we were going to the bath room me and @CAPS1 were just laughing so hard. We cleaned up the mess and I didn't get in trouble.         I guess that I have never peed my pants laughing but I almost did that day. After that day me and my best friend @CAPS1 always laugh at that story. I am so glad we went on an old people @CAPS2 @CAPS3 club trip.                       	35
"JJ @NUM1                        Laughter  @CAPS1 people @MONTH1 say laughter isn't important in any relationship, but I think other wise. Laughter can always lighten up the mood no matter what it is, the laughing @MONTH1 only last a few seconds but that's alright as long as it's there. Maybe you would laugh because somethings funny or just because your tired. My cousin and I laugh for both those reasons every time we are together.  There are many stories I could tell you about laughing with my cousin. @CAPS1 of the best happened in @ORGANIZATION1! We have @CAPS1 pretty funny time in there. Like just the other day we went into @ORGANIZATION1 with one of our friends. Our friend went to go get @CAPS1 candy, and as she left me and my cousin ran way.  As we were running away and hiding or as we call it ""being ninjas"" we couldn't stop laughing the hole time. She tried calling us , and finding us, but we didn't answer or let her see us. Then my cousin and I saw her walking the other direction, so we ran up behind her and scared her. That is one of the many times that laughing was a part in my life."	31
"So my friends and i got into a heated discusion on how we need to keep things to our selves cause one of my friends told people some personal things about us. He caused us allot of problems in school and around town, @CAPS1 he started to lie to us one of my other friends lost it and went after him and tackled him down told him to quite lying. By the time he let him up and we all got back in are seats he started to spill his guts to us, he told us some rumers he started about us and some other things he did we kinda all lost it. So we calmed down a little then took turns talking to him, after my two friends talked it was my turn i was talking to him and he kept interupting me, finally i got mad and i grabed something off the floor to throw at him. Don't git me wrong not to hurt im to stop him from interupting me. I reached down grabed something soft without looking picked it up and threatened to throw it at him and he started to point and laugh, I stoped turned my head to look at what was in my hand. now remember it was an intense conversation you could cut the tension with a nife, for him to start laughing and everyone join in i didnt want to know. But i turned my head looked and fell over laughing it was a stuffed fairy i picked up off his floor i did through it at him, but playfully. We all finally stoped laughing and sat back down. I believe that it calmed us down enough to help exsplain and make things better for him and all of us. the moral of the story is even though your mad something will always make you smile and make your day better ."	30
" As warm @DATE1 days turned into chilly winter nights, the girls (@PERSON3, @PERSON5, @PERSON2, @CAPS1 and @PERSON4) and I were wondering what we should do to add a little pizazz to our life's. No one knew what was to come or the laughter we would experience. It was one of the biggest games in the @ORGANIZATION1 season. It was to determine whether or not they would go to the playoffs to compete for the @CAPS2. @CAPS1 is the biggest @ORGANIZATION1 fan known to man. She was of coarse, all decked out in @CAPS3 attire. We watched the game, had a few shots of apple juice and pigged out on @ORGANIZATION2.   Halftime was coming right around the corner and to say the least, the halftime show wasn't going to be all that and a bag of chips. I pulled my camera from my @PERSON1 look alike bag and pressed record. While I was walking around in a circle trying to get everyone in the video, @PERSON3 was having a little too much fun on a red exercise ball. She was bouncing up and down at least @NUM1 or three inches into the @CAPS7. A light bulb went off in my head. I handed the camera to @PERSON4 and slowly moved over to where @PERSON3 was bouncing. Just as @PERSON3 screamed, ""@CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7!"" I kicked the exercise ball out from under her and when she came back down she was straight on her back!  @PERSON3 was too busy laughing and trying to breath to tell @CAPS5 how stupid I was. I was on the floor curled into a ball trying really hard not to pee my pants when all of sudden I hear this bang sound. I look up and the camera was lying on the floor next to @PERSON4, @PERSON5, and @PERSON2 who were laughing along with @CAPS5. @PERSON3 finally got the strength to get up. She came over and smacked @CAPS5 across the head and said, ""@CAPS8't ever do that again."" I'd say we had a better halftime show then the @ORGANIZATION1 did.  As the game ended, the weather changed and it began to snow. While everyone scurried to find their shoes, knocking into one another, I grabbed the camera not worrying if I got sick or not. We spent the last hour doing two of my favorite things; taking pictures and making memories. We went back inside and slowly went into slumber after drinking a little too much hot chocolate and apple juice. @PERSON3 has always been an early bird. I felt this sharp pain in my back and I shot straight up. Only to quickly realize that it was only her fist. Soon after everyone else arose from their warm blankets. Everyone @CAPS9 @CAPS1. We let her sleep and wondered outside again. It snowed. A @CAPS11. We thought of a plan and began to gather all the snow into one giant pile. @CAPS1 is a heavy sleeper so we picked her up, open the door that led to the backyard and plopped her right down in the center of the pile.  @CAPS1's eyes opened big and wide. Her mouth followed doing the same thing. She used every bad word she could possibly think of, including some in @CAPS12 that even she didn't know the meaning of. Soon, we were all in the snow laughing so hard we couldn't even @CAPS6 our breaths to apologize. @CAPS1 came to realize that it was an exceptionally good joke and began laughing along with the rest of us. In the end, we all had a good laugh and a cold to share that night. Laughter is the most important element in any relationship. It makes the bond between you and others stronger. Whoever said, ""Laughter is the shortest distance between two people,"" was @PERCENT1 right."	40
" What exactly is laughter? Is it when something virtuous happens and it makes a person joyful? According to @PERSON1's @CAPS1, laughter is a cause of merriment. In other words a light heart-ed fun spirit. Laughter is not only an important role in relationships, but plays a big role in life itself. An example of laughter being important in relationships is, when a very good friend of mine stopped speaking to me over this empty-headed quarrel we had about some animal becoming instinct. It had been almost two years exactly, since her and I haven't spoken. I thought nothing would brings us together, until one day when I was at the store and we ran into each other. We just looked at one another and just started laughing. Right than and there we figured out that the argument we had was pointless, and not worth talking about. To be more clear with this story is that without laughter my friend and I would have never been reunited. When you meet new people what's the first thing you tend to do to get them to enjoy you? You usually tell jokes, or say something funny just to get a chuckle or two out of them. This is where laughter ties into life, physical and mental experiences that make up the existence of an individual. When you meet a new person you often see those individuals have at least one thing in common. I guarantee that in every single friendship laughter is the most common thing people share together. There is no possible way of getting around it. Another example of why laughter is important in life is when someone is looking for a job, or going to a job interview and the one who is in charge of making the decision of whether or not you get the job has no personality. What do you most often do in this type of situation, either show your serious side or possibly crack a few jokes. If this doesn't work well at least that person has a good idea about your personality. Learning how to handle life can become very stressful, also trying to handle it mentally can be quite a challenge. A friend of mine just graduated from college and she was struggling on trying to find a job that she studied in. She was very stressed out, and also very depressed because her grandma was in the hospital and ready to pass on. @CAPS3 didn't know what to do, no money was coming in yet, and she couldn't find an apartment she just was a mess. Until one day she told me that she revived a call from her sister and her sister mentioned that their grandma couldn't hold on and she was ready to pass. @CAPS3 rushed to the hospital and went to go see the last of her grandma before she passed. Her grandma grabbed her hand and told her, ""I know life can be mean and just give you no chances but you have to get through that and enjoy life. Life's to short to be worrying about what tomorrow will bring. Just put that smile on your face and laugh when life gives you the worst."" @CAPS2 and there @CAPS3 realized that what her grandma had said was true. You can't live through life in a drag, just have to get up and take it. @CAPS3 was very devastated about her grandmas lost, but @CAPS2 again she felt it was meant to happen because without her grandma telling her about this she wouldn't have never known that her grandma experienced the same thing as she did. She didn't feel like she was the only one in the world that was going through these difficult crisis. She will always love her grandma.  When you learn how to take life as it comes people tend to notice it is indeed a very hard step to achieve. Individuals learn in many other ways or some just don't learn at all. For example, @CAPS3 learned from experience going on with school and struggling with tying to find a job. Her grandma told her right before she passed on because her grandma probably most likely experienced it as well. Other people learn form meeting new people, and just having fun with life, or like me I learned the hard way by not talking to a very good friend of mine over a empty- headed argument. Laughter comes in different shapes and sizes, we as human beings have to approach it, whether it's an argument or learning it as it comes. One way or another it will come and we have to be ready for it, its not a scary thing. The benefits of laughter is it makes you happy and people tend to be having a good time. Laughter is a positive thing, and people shouldn't ignore it, its a good stress reliever as well. Laughter is a cause of merriment, a light heart-ed fun spirit. Laughter is not only an important role in relationships but plays a big role in life itself."	40
" Laughter is one of the most impotent things in life to have around. even if from a simple joke to something that was unbelievable that hap-end to make a grate event in time to share on in history of family members. This helps you threw hard times or just makes somebody day better for them and puts a smile on there face, or gives them a joke to say to somebody else to continue a chain of laughter thew people. Sometimes it can be the most embarrassing thing that people remember about u but in the end the other person that laughs at you for your indecent probably did something like that a long time a go so in the end there laughing at them selves to and don't even realize it. I remember on my fifteenth birthday my grandma toke the hole family out to dinner at a chines restaurant. It was quiet except for the adults discussing what they should order form the family meals. I was siting by me sister looking at a menu just to see what they had to drink, well her mined was on other things because out of no were all u heard was ""they have no fricken chicken"". Every one busted up laughing at her even the waitresses son that was standing behind the both and his mother. It made every ones day because it wasn't the best of days at the time. But u could tell she was embarrassed but laughed at her self to her comment to the table was ""i thought i said it in my head"", i looked at here and said ""no u didn't"" so she just shrugged about it.  To this day when ever we go to a chines restaurant my mom looks at here and ""says they got your fricken chicken""so she looks at here and ""says will that ever die""we all looked at here and said"" no its going to be passed down to your children they'll here about there mothers fricken chicken day"".It was that bad of a indecent that she gets up set that it wont go away but it still gives every one else a laugh. even though it was so long ago that it happened are parents joke that its going to be her wedding toast it went kinda like this"" as long as you give her, her fricken chicken you @CAPS1 will last forever"" it was not the nicest of comments to be said about that day but it was still funny to the rest of us. this is something that will last in the family for years to come ,and hopefully will be passed down in the generations to come.Even if she doesn't want it to be just think in time ens-ted of us telling every one about the incident she will tell them her self and just laugh about it because it was just that much of an out off nowhere thing to happen. We still pick on her about it and many other things she says out loud with out noticing she says them. But those are story's for another time and day you never know what could happen. just remember to laugh its true what they say its healthy for you so make the best of some of the worst days possible.  So if your having a not so good of a day,u never know what could happen to give u a smile and a laugh even if your the one that makes every one laugh. So just think of something that makes u laugh and tell the people that are special in your life about it to give them a laugh and make there day a little better then most.Even if its one of the most embarrassing events to happen to you in your life time. When we all were little and crying that was always the cure for some of the worst things even though u grow up it docent mean u cant laugh or that it means different things then it used to, when your down u need to laugh to feel better about your self don't let people put you down."	30
"  Middle school was a challenging environment. Not only are kids subjected to a rapid advancement in the academic environment, but a maturing social environment as well. The rapidly growing need for social dominance and in turn inflating egos makes for a bully breeding ground. Without the skill to be able to laugh it off, I would fear for anyone's mental well being in that environment.  Throughout my first @NUM1 years in middle school, I struggled with the building social discomfort of classmates higher in the social chain, making for a severe toll @CAPS1 not only my self-esteem, but my academics as well. The stress of my own social stature plummeted my grades continuing a cycle resulting in even more stress. The whole situation seemed hopeless and depressing. I could not believe that in only a little over a decade of life, my outlook had become so grim. I wondered how I would make it through the rest my school years.  Everyday I had the pleasure of hearing any number of new insults made up by those higher in the social ladder, attempting to supplement their growing self-esteem and inflating egos; @CAPS1 some days even those who I previously believed to be my friends joined in with them. Except for a few trusted companions, it seemed the whole world was out to further themselves by bashing me with any number of new insults.  Being made fun of daily had continued until I realized something; That laughter is key in social survival. Without laughter there was no way I could have survived those school years. After this revelation I was able to laugh at things said to me and laugh at myself as well. I was able to take the the cacophony and learn with it, taking it as critique to better myself. Through laughter and their jarring remarks I was able to secure my position in the social scheme as well as improve my intelligence, as well as make new, better friends and come to peace with others, while maintaining the the hurt I experienced earlier to be ""popular"" without having to make fun out of those who were like who I used to be; @CAPS2 a win-win scenario.  Laughter is key in any situation, whether it be a conversation with a friend, or experiencing the penned up frustrations of immature adolescents. From laughter I learned a great lesson, one that I hope everyone has not learned should. Without the lesson of laughter, I don't know how anyone could lead a successful and pleasurable life. "	40
"                                        Laughter: The @CAPS1 to @CAPS2 Laughter, they say, is the best medicine. We all know that every relationship needs a heaping dosage of medicine every once and a while.  @CAPS3 younger brother, @PERSON1, and I, we have a pretty good relationship. Sometimes we argue, other times we can get along like we are the best of friends. When we were going to the same school together, I would go out of @CAPS3 way to say hi to @CAPS3 brother. Almost every time I would get shut down and ignored, by @CAPS3 own brother. @PERSON1 is going to be a freshman next year and I will be a junior, so we will be attending high school together. One night, at the dinner table, @CAPS3 family was discussing what the change would be like with both children in high school. I brought up the fact that @PERSON1 never says hi to me or even waves at me and how I didn't really appreciate it.  Some how we got to talking about how he would be known as @LOCATION1's brother because I am so awesome. The next thing I know @PERSON1 blurted out, ""yeah, @LOCATION1, I'm going to embarrass you because I am so butt-ugly."" @CAPS3 parents and I looked at each other and instantly started laughing and couldn't stop! When we had semi regained our composure, we asked @PERSON1 why he would say something like that about himself. @PERSON1 said he didn't really know why he said that, he thought it would be funny. Yes, @PERSON1, it was!! It was @CAPS3 turn to pray for dinner that night. As much and as hard as I tried to compose myself long enough to pray, I couldn't do it. Every time I thought I had pulled myself together again, I would start busting up yet again. After a while, @CAPS3 parents asked me what was wrong. I replied, ""I was going to ask @CAPS4 to make @PERSON1 more beautiful so he wouldn't embarrass me."" I started laughing so hard that I was crying. I couldn't see anything because the tears had blurred @CAPS3 vision. Now, after what I said, it took me twice as long to control @CAPS3 laughter. @CAPS3 parents calmed down before I did, so @CAPS3 mom had to pray because I couldn't contain myself. The whole time @CAPS3 mom was praying, I had to clamp @CAPS3 hand over @CAPS3 mouth to keep from laughing. @CAPS3 grip was so hard that it made @CAPS3 teeth hurt. That night I think @CAPS3 whole family got a few spoonfuls of medicine. Probably enough to last us another week or so. I can't wait until I get 'sick' again and need another serving of medicine! "	40
"What's a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Laughter?  Would me and @PERSON1 be best friends @CAPS2 ever laughing? That would be a negative. I honestly think laughter is the biggest part of @CAPS1. What kind of @CAPS1 is two friends who never laugh? If there are any people in the world that don't laugh, I bet they don't have any friends, well at least true friends. I feel sorry for these people. I can't even imagine life @CAPS2 laughter. All of my friends and I laugh all the time. Especially with me and @PERSON1. When @PERSON1 and I are around each other, @CAPS5's usually non stop laughter. @PERSON1 and I laugh about almost everything. We have so many inside jokes its not even funny (well to me and her @CAPS5 is), such as ""an upstairs @CAPS3 @CAPS4!"" or ""john, john, john, john"". See there things people wouldn't think where funny, but whenever one of us blurts one of our stupid inside jokes out, we start laughing until we ball our eyes out. If I imagine me and @PERSON1 never laughing, then that would be the worst @CAPS1. I hate to even think about us never laughing. @CAPS5 sounds horrible. If me and @PERSON1 never laughed, then we most likely would not be friends. I'm so glad I have so much laughter in my life. I don't know what I would do @CAPS2 @CAPS5."	33
" My best friend and I have been friends since third grade. We've shared many laughs, memories, and tears, yet to this day we're still closer than ever. One of the key reasons we've been able to stay friends for so long is because we make each other laugh. We joke around and we make any boring time into a good one. This is the story of how our relationship came to be and some of the reasons why we are still best friends. It started in third grade. I was walking alone on the playground when she asked me to play with her, having nothing else to do, I agreed. We played for the whole recess, and it eventually became a regular thing for us to spend recess together. The first time she invited me to her house, I was kind of nervous. I was afraid it was going to be awkward, or that we wouldn't have a good time. When we got to her house after school, we went to her room, played video games for a little bit, and then we had a snack. We brought our crackers to her room, sat on the ground, and started to eat. Out of no where we just looked at each other, and we started laughing like crazy. They weren't little giggles either, we laughed so hard it brought tears to our eyes. From that day forward we hung out as often as we could. A couple of years went by, we hung out more often, and declared ourselves best friends. When fifth grade came around, we were glued to the hip. Her dad was our teacher, so he already knew how close we both were. We never really got to sit next to each other, but we still managed to talk a lot. One day at recess we were joking around and she said your butt is so big, you're going to break a chair. These days it doesn't seem that funny, but in fifth grade it was hilarious. When we got inside we played this math game, I got the question wrong so I plopped down in my chair, sure enough, it broke. Other kids that heard what she said laughed, but no one really quite laughed as much as we both did.  Fifth grade was also when boys started coming into the picture. During @DATE1 break she really liked this one guy, and when he said he didn't like her, she was completely broken. That night she came over to talk with me about it, but we never ended up talking about it at all. Instead, we watched funny movies and I would do things on purpose to make her laugh. Even though we were already really close, that night made us grow even closer. At the end of fifth grade we had a little graduation ceremony. Towards the end they put on a slide show of everyone in the fifth grade class. One of the pictures was of @PERSON1 and I with mud masks on, we were both embarrassed, but we also laughed because we had a lot of fun that night, and we wondered how the picture got on the slide show. After the ceremony @PERSON1 and I threw a party. We shared many laughs and still that made us grow even closer, even though we had made new friends that night, our bond was unbreakable. Middle school was a whole new experience. New friends, different classes, and more drama. I hate to say it, but we grew apart those three years. We had none of the same classes and we both met new people, but every time I went over to her house, or every time we hung out, we laughed till we were crying, and gasping for air. A lot of things happened, our different friends fought, some of them moved, but our ability to make each other laugh kept us together through thick and thin. Towards the end of our middle school lives, we grew closer again, and things were pretty much back to normal.  Today @PERSON1 and I are as close as we were in fifth grade if not closer. When we are together not only do we make ourselves laugh, but we make other people laugh as well. We are together almost every weekend, and we @MONTH1 not do much, but we always end up laughing like crazy. Doing cheer, we also spend even more time together. Other things in our relationship are important too, like trust, loyalty, and kindness, but laughter is what has kept us together through everything we have been through. Laughter is also the reason we have become friends in the first place and I am happy to call her my best friend. Without her, my life would be very boring, and I hope we stay friends for the rest of our lives. Laughing keeps people together and makes relationships grow stronger. This was an example of how it helped me and my best friend become friends and stay friends through everything life has thrown at us."	37
" My friends and I have a relationship that can not be matched. We do everything together and we always have each others back. A key element in our relationship is laughter. If we did not laugh with and at each other, we would most likely be at each others throats. We do many things that turn out in raging laughter, but there was one particular event that occurred that did not seem humorous at first, but as the event came to an end it quickly became humorous.  The story starts at @TIME1 as i arrived at the school to depart on a grueling five hour bus ride to @CAPS1 @CAPS2 for a wrestling tournament the following day. I slept for a solid @TIME1 hours before being awoken by my coach screaming at someone for spilling soda on the bus. We were almost in @CAPS1 @CAPS2 so i just turned on my @CAPS5 and listened to music the rest of the way. When we finally arrived at our @CAPS13, we were instructed to go work off some extra weight before we could eat dinner.   After we had finished working out, we set off to get some dinner that way long overdue at this point. I was with my best friends, @CAPS6 and @CAPS7, both with appetites as big as mine. We past many fast food restaurants, but we did not want any old burger, we wanted the masterpiece that is called a @ORGANIZATION1. We had heard rumor that there was a @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS8 establishment somewhere in @CAPS1 @CAPS2, so we set out on our journey to @ORGANIZATION1.We walked a good two miles along a highway, and took a few random alleys that we thought were shortcuts. I started to feel like we should go back and search more around the @CAPS13, but against my better judgment we trudged forward towards where we thought the marvelous @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 was.   We soon found ourselves in an unknown part of town. We walked as quickly as possible to avoid the awkward stares from the people outside of their houses and the people roaming the streets. We tried to crack jokes to lighten the mood and to help ease the pain of realizing that we were tragically lost in @CAPS1 @CAPS2. Stupidly, we all forgot our cell phones back at our @CAPS13 so we had no way to call for help. We started walking back the way we thought we had come, but all we saw were more old, weathered houses and buildings that were completely unfamiliar. We were all scared, but we masked our fears in hopes of not starting a state of panic.  We were all guessing that is was about nine-thirty, and we had to be back before ten to go to bed. This sent us into a panic more that anything. Our minds filled with images of our coach screaming at us with all his might, then making us run an agonizing five miles. We started frantically running down streets and alleys in hopes of seeing a familiar scene. After not seeing anything, and running for about ten minutes, we regrouped and continued walking. The fear that was once masked, was now clearly visible in all of our faces.   We came upon a digital billboard that displayed the time, and temperature. We only had ten minutes to make it back to our @CAPS13 or our fate was sealed. We began running again praying that we would arrive back on time. As we ran, we came upon the side of a big @CAPS13. We did not know the name of the @CAPS13 we were staying at, so we decided to ask the person inside if they knew where it could be. The lady at the front counter informed us that were were now at the @CAPS13 @NUM1, but she had just started her shift and did not know where we could be. As we thanked her and walked out the door, we were greeted with a strong slap to the head. we turned in shock to see our coach, red at a beat, pointing at his watch. We had almost made it, only @TIME1 minutes late.   after being screamed at for a solid twenty minutes, he sent us up to our room to sleep for the long day ahead of us. I was about to crawl in bed when i glanced out the bedroom window and saw what my heart so deeply longed for; the marvelous @ORGANIZATION1. My friends and I immediately broke into hysterical laughter. We had gotten lost searching for the treasure that is @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1, and it turned out the treasure was in our own back yard. We hardly got any sleep that night due to all of the ironic laughter and the thoughts of what had just taken place. I never got to sink my teeth into one of those tasty, succulent @ORGANIZATION1, but we did have a very funny and ironic experience that still makes me laugh to this very moment."	40
" Isnt it funny how just a laugh can change a senery, a mood like someones face expression, and make a person laugh out of nowhere just because it is outrageous, or the laugh they hear sounded funny. I personaly have been through all of these stages of what I like to call, the contagious circle of laughs. In the past I have been cheered up by laughing, and hearing others laugh. At times even I have cheered others by makeing them laugh, or laughing at @CAPS3 own humourless jokes. It feel good to laugh, and at the end of @CAPS3 long lasting giggles I feel refreshed from useing all that energy just to make a noise. @CAPS3 friends pick me out to be the clown in our group. They all think im this hilarious joke popper ( I pop out all these funny jokes ) I personaly dont think im that funny, but for some reason just by makeing them laugh I laugh too. There is this one joke I made up all by myself to cheer up @CAPS3 friend @LOCATION2. It made everyone fall on the floor laughing. It is about walking through the store, and seeing the different nationalitys of mothers with there baby's. How each mother treats there baby's differently. At the end I tell how the african american mother yells at her baby to shut up. I use a cuss word but thats inappropriate for this writeing piece. You get the idea. Anyway @CAPS3 friends still to this day ask me to tell them that joke, and they always laugh just as loud as the first time I told them. There is always one person in your life that your totaly obbsesed about there laugh, only because you love the way it sounds. I personaly fell in love with @CAPS3 boyfreinds laugh, and that was why he looked so darn cute to me. The very first time we met he was picking on his cousin @CAPS1 in a park up in @LOCATION1. I was with @CAPS3 friend @PERSON1 in the trailer park where her dad lived at the time. Malikye ( @CAPS3 boyfriend ) had this laugh that made me want to scream ""@CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4!"", it was so funny. I wanted to run over to him and tickle him to death so he couldnt ever stop laughing. Most of the people that know him hate his laugh, and think it is obnoxious. He even hates his own laugh. I dont know why but I was addicted to it. It is funny how even hearing someones laugh can give you feelings for them. A laugh not only shows you sound, but shows you personality, and charecter. Laughing is a big importance in life. It shows so much about a person, and helps so many people. I love laughing. People should be full of laughter, because without it the world would be a dull and unhappy place. I dont know anyone who would want that. Evil @CAPS5 maybe, but he even has his evil laugh that shows his charecter...."	36
" A @CAPS1 time ago when I was about @NUM1 years old. I had moved to @LOCATION1, after @NUM2 weeks went by @CAPS2 parents started going to church, while we was at church I meet some other kid who was about @CAPS2 age. I didn't know but I saw in his hand. @CAPS6 hasa deck of card. I noticed it right away that @CAPS6 liked to play yu-gi-oh which is a card game, which is very fun to play when I was @NUM1..., I wanted to ask him if @CAPS6 wanted to play the card game yu-gi-oh but I was too nervous to ask him, after church ended and @CAPS2 parents and I went home the day passed by. The next morning I had to get ready for @CAPS2 first day in school in @LOCATION1, it was kinda hard since I am going to be in that new school with no friends but once I got their I notice something right away i saw that same kid from yesterday I was kinda surprise since @CAPS6'd go to the same church as me. After @CAPS2 teacher told me to sit down I took a seat, @CAPS2 teacher begin roll call saying each students in are class name, each students replied and said ""here!"" when it came to that other kids turn his name was @PERSON1,once class started it went by kinda fast when you are busy doing class work so once lunch started I went to have lunch and surprisingly a lot of students in @CAPS2 class are nice to me they asked if I wanted to be their friends. I was happy since they asked but that one kid @PERSON1 didn't ask. So I thought @CAPS6 was mad at me later on after school before I gotten on the bus to go home I saw that @PERSON1 kid again so I ran to him and asked if @CAPS6 liked playing yu-gi-oh? @CAPS6 ""replied yea what bout you?"" I ""told em yea we should play yu-gi-oh sometimes"" @CAPS6 said we could play this @DATE1 at church. I told em @CAPS3. later on that day I told @CAPS2 older brother @CAPS4, I made some friends at are school, and this @DATE1 I'm going to play yu-gi-oh card with one of them named @PERSON1 who goes to are church, @CAPS2 brother @CAPS4 told me oh... @PERSON1 goes to are school? I said yea and @CAPS6 said I played yu-gi-oh card game with him last time at church. I was shock since @CAPS2 older brother knew @CAPS6 was and i didn't that time. I asked him why @CAPS6 didn't tell me @CAPS6 knew someone that play yu-gi-oh card, @CAPS6 said "" cause you didn't ask"" I was like... Oh..... Me and @CAPS2 brother started to laugh cause i didn't know @PERSON1 was @CAPS2 older brother friend and @CAPS6 laughed at me cause I never asked him if @CAPS6 knew anyone that played yu-gi-oh card game."	31
"Laughter is a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 do things like music, tears and laughter have in common? @CAPS19're all universal languages- @CAPS19 surpass any @CAPS1 barriers to get the point across without words. @CAPS21 was definitely the case the time my @CAPS3's best friend @PERSON3 came to visit from @LOCATION2.  I was eight at the time. I'd lived in @LOCATION1 all my life, and hearing other languages wasn't something that happened on a regular basis. When my @CAPS3 announced that her college roommate @PERSON3 was coming for a few days along with her family, I felt some apprehension at the idea of trying to talk to them. However, my @CAPS3 was encouraging. ""@CAPS4 will be a learning experience!"" was her enthusiastic war cry any time I whined. ""@CAPS5'll learn some @CAPS6, and @CAPS19'll learn some @CAPS7.""  @CAPS4 was a cold, stormy @ORGANIZATION2 day when @CAPS19 arrived. As @CAPS19 pulled their blue minivan into our driveway, I @CAPS12 felt shy. After all, I only had faint memories of my ""@CAPS9"" @PERSON3's visit years ago, and I'd never met the rest of her family. However, my sense of worry was soon replaced by @CAPS9 @PERSON3's rich voice: ""@CAPS11! @CAPS5've gotten so tall!"" @CAPS12 I was enfolded in her warm embrace, and I smelled the familiar smell of my @CAPS9: chocolate, detergent, and something spicy as if she'd just been cooking. Soon @ORGANIZATION1 had moved on to greeting my younger sister and I was left awkwardly standing next to @ORGANIZATION1's three children. I realized that I didn't know @CAPS2 to say- or even how to say anything to them. While @PERSON3 was bilingual, yet she didn't speak @CAPS7 around her children. There was a total @CAPS1 barrier. The awkwardness passed momentarily when the adults intervened. @PERSON3 bustled into our silent mass and began introducing us. Her oldest was tall, dark haired @PERSON1, who was the ancient and worldly age of twelve. Closest to my age was nine year old @CAPS14, who had a quick smile and a mischievous glint in her eye. The youngest, @PERSON2, was petite even for her tender age of four. I smiled and nodded as each was introduced, and smiled and nodded some more as @PERSON3 introduced me and my sister @CAPS15 to them. As @CAPS19 chattered back at her in @CAPS6, I marveled at how clever @CAPS19 seemed for speaking another @CAPS1. How, I wondered, did my @CAPS7 sound to them?  My @CAPS3 soon ushered us into the house. She had begun making dinner, and @PERSON3 joined her in our small kitchen to ""catch up on life."" For a while, we kids stayed close to our parents, like birds hesitating to leave the nest. Soon, however, @CAPS4 became apparent that seven people was too many to fit in one kitchen. ""@CAPS18 don't @CAPS5 go show them your rooms?"" my @CAPS3 suggested. ""@CAPS19 still haven't met @CAPS20!"" @CAPS21 seemed like a good idea, since @CAPS20, our cat, was friendly to anyone and everyone. @CAPS15 and I led the way to to find him while the @CAPS23 talked in hushed @CAPS6 voices behind us.  As we got to the living room, @PERSON2 @CAPS12 let out a squeal. She ran across the floor to @CAPS20, who had been napping in the sun. I was worried that she would startle him, but the overweight tabby simply got up sleepily and yawned. And then, to our amazement, @CAPS20 did something he'd never done before. He jumped up and placed his hind legs on @PERSON2's chest. He was a large cat, and she was small, so @CAPS4 turned out so that he was looking her in the eye. For a moment, @CAPS19 looked at each other, surprised, and then she fell down into a sitting position. Worried she might cry, I started to go over to help, but then something entirely different escaped out of her mouth: the contagious laugh of a four year old. For a moment, there was a surprised silence from the rest of us as she howled at the hilarity of @CAPS4, but soon we couldn't help but join in. And in that moment, I realized that we didn't even have to learn each other's languages- the laughter that we'd shared had broken the ice and the @CAPS1 barrier.  I still remember that visit fondly today, because @CAPS4's the first time that I realized how alike other cultures are to our own. True, we had a hard time relating at the beginning. But by the end, we had become friends, all because of a cat, a four year old, and the one @CAPS1 we did have in common- laughter."	46
"                                 Love in @LOCATION1 was a small boy, who didn't have very much ambition in life, he was taunted and teased to the point where he would just hide away in his house and not talk to anyone. The other boys at school would laugh at @ORGANIZATION1 for being so much smaller than themselves. He was never the fastest, strongest, or coolest but he was the smartest. He knew how to twist and turn any phrase to make himself feel superior to others. @ORGANIZATION1 was in truth lonely, he had never laughed or felt the cool touch of a lover. He wished dearly that he could be more outgoing to the point where a girl would fall in love with him. There was in fact a girl he had his eye on for months, her name was @PERSON1. She was the most beautiful girl he had have laid eyes on. He had followed her all over town, and rode his bicycle past her almost everyday when she was with her friend @CAPS1. @ORGANIZATION1 hated @CAPS1 for he had gotten to be with @PERSON1 everyday, and got to hold her and talk to her. @ORGANIZATION1 had envied @CAPS1 for around four months before he had messaged her on a website called ""myyeabook"" a place to meet new people and make friends. @ORGANIZATION1 had sent her a friend request and asked for her digits. Hoping she would find him attractive and let him text her. @PERSON1 accepted his request and sent him a message saying ""@CAPS4 I see your from the town next to mine, we should hang out sometime it would be cool."" @ORGANIZATION1 had almost lost it when he had read this, he went and got a hair cut, and new clothes just so that she would think he was attractive and cool. @PERSON1 had went to the park with her friend @PERSON2 and waited for this fellow named @ORGANIZATION1. She and @PERSON2 had played on the swings, and spun each other on the spinning wheel. @ORGANIZATION1 had been riding his bike and set it down a hundred yards away from where they were. He walked over said ""@CAPS4."" to @PERSON2 and proceeded to walk over to @LOCATION2. He told her he thought she was beautiful and had an amazing smile. @PERSON1 blushed and asked him if he wanted to swing for a while. @PERSON2 took off home, seeing that @PERSON1 was going to be okay with this guy, and little did they know, they were made for each other. @ORGANIZATION1 let his guard down and told her some jokes, he laid out his life story almost with her, he was so comfortable around her and he didn't know why. @PERSON1 felt the same way, she laughed at his jokes, and told him her life story. In this one short meeting they had connected on a level that was far from their ages. @ORGANIZATION1 found out that @PERSON1 was smart, and loved to be outdoors, she was practically the female version of himself. After a month of conversation and hanging out off and on, @ORGANIZATION1 sent @PERSON1 a text message saying ""@CAPS6 you down to be my partner in life?"" @PERSON1 was stunned and excited that @ORGANIZATION1 wanted her to be his girlfriend. @PERSON1 simply replied ""@CAPS6 you down to be mine?"" @ORGANIZATION1 replied back to her ""I love you."" @PERSON1 was the happiest girl in the world that night of @DATE1, @NUM1 @DATE2. The two went everywhere together and did everything together, everyone knew that they were perfect for each other. @PERSON1 began to fall in love with @ORGANIZATION1 and after four months of being together told him finally. @ORGANIZATION1 was so elated that he went out and bought her a ring, and she graciously accepted it. @PERSON1 and @ORGANIZATION1 moved in together and started a family. A little laughter can go a long way, in anything you do, a job, a family, or even in the hopes of finding your perfect someone. @PERSON1 and @ORGANIZATION1 found that their love had come from that day many months ago in that park, laughing about even the smallest of things such as a corny joke, or an adventure of another can lead the way to a lifetime of true love. All it takes is a little bit of laughter."	38
" @CAPS10 you laughed today? Many believe that laughing is beneficial in our everyday lives. @CAPS10 you heard the saying ""laughter is the best medicine."" @CAPS1 comes from the idea that having a positive mood will make you feel better. Close to the idea of @CAPS2. Laughing has been said to relieve stress and makes you seem more approachable to someone you @MONTH1 not know yet. The quote ""Laughter is the shortest distance between two people"" is accurate in my opinion. I relate @CAPS1 to the way my friends and I act and the way I act towards strangers. When meeting someone new making a joke or laughing kind of breaks the ice, and can make the conversation more lighthearted and easy. When I was younger my best friends name was @PERSON1, and we hung out nearly everyday after school. We shared everything we had the same favorite color same hair we even had the same friends. We were girls that everyone though were sister because we hung out so much. We were the kind of friends who could take one look at each other and start laughing thinking about a past memory we had. Like the time we went into the wrong movie or the time we went out to lunch together. I remember going to lunch like @CAPS1 was just the other day though @CAPS1 was easily years ago. One day we went to our daily kindergarten class together just like always except today @PERSON1 was going to get to come home with me and my @CAPS3. My @CAPS3 knew she was going to need to take the car into the shop that day and told us we could tag along and if we were good we would go out to lunch. All day we were on our best behavior because we wanted to go to lunch and then hang out for the rest of the day. @CAPS1 was around lunch time and my @CAPS3 thought, well the car will be a while so I'll take the girls to lunch and then we will pick @CAPS1 up on the way home. So we dropped the car off and headed to @ORGANIZATION1's (a local @CAPS6 restaurant) for a @CAPS7 lunch.  When we got to the restaurant they took our drink orders and I decided @CAPS1 would be a good idea to get a big blackberry slushy type drink. When @CAPS1 came to our table I was really excited and I started to drink @CAPS1 really fast. maybe a little too fast. When all of the sudden ""whoosh"" @CAPS1 had spilled all over my face and clothes, @CAPS1 was everywhere, in my hair, on my face, in my eyes. I was so embarrassed. I was so surprised at how hast the the ice fell on my face that I started crying right in front of my best friend. She was trying so hard not to laugh, she had the biggest smile on her face. When I looked over my @CAPS3 was laughing too I was humiliated. I was so worried my friend and my @CAPS3 would make fun of me being so clumsy, but they both said that @CAPS1 has happened to them too.  After I got cleaned up I realized how silly I had been. I was so embarrassed at the time and at them laughing at me. But when I thought about @CAPS1 I would @CAPS10 laughed too. The whole car ride home we giggled about my little drink disaster and we could hardly look at each other without saying something about my spill, or we would both think about @CAPS1 and start cracking up again.   Even though at first I though she would make fun of me and laugh at me for making such a silly accident, we ended up laughing together and @CAPS1 made us closer as friends. Our memories from when we were little girls last in our minds and we remember they silly and creative things we used to do and the little things that would be fun to us. We were and always will be great friends. We are still best friends and every once in a while one of us will bring something up that makes us think of that day when we were little girls and we will bust out laughing again.  I do believe laughter is the best medicine. Although of course laughter will never conquer or cure diseases or fight off cancers I think @CAPS1 makes you stronger to take the treatment if you are happy and @CAPS10 a positive outlook, if you @CAPS10 something to look forward too, something you don't want to miss. Laughter can make a sick person forget about their illness, @CAPS1 can make them carefree and living in the moment. I think laughter is so much more powerful than we realize. So consider this question instead: @CAPS10 you made someone laugh today?"	40
"                                                  Laughter  Laughter, how do you define it? The non-existence of happiness? Without laughter, @CAPS1 would be no smiles. Without smiles, @CAPS1 would be no affection. Without affection @CAPS1 would be no emotion. Without emotion, @CAPS1 would be no re-action. Without a re-action, everyone around you would be blank. Laughter; it can do so many things. It can bring people together or even tear people apart. It can be a way @CAPS2 express yourself, or even a way @CAPS2 put up ""your walls."" Laughter could mean so many different things. It can show so many different different things. It can show so many emotions, or even hide them. For example: @CAPS1's those people who laugh when they cry, when @CAPS1 mad, when @CAPS1 sad ect. But look beyond the picture why do you think @CAPS1 laughing at these times? When really that's not at all the emotion they are feeling. @CAPS1 not laughing because @CAPS1 all around a happy person. @CAPS1 laughing @CAPS2 hide the true pain they are feeling inside, because whether they like it or not no human can completely let ""it all on the line."" @CAPS2 be so vulnerable anyone could get in and cause pain. So how important is laughter @CAPS2 you? In and kind of relationship laughter is important. W heather it be a friendship, a marriage, an engagement ect. @CAPS2 know how your partner is feeling can make all the difference. So one laugh or giggle could make turn it all around. Laughter it's the shortest distance between two people."	25
" Laughter is the only characteristic a person could perfect. Laughter is the element that could bring a group of people into a tight bond of friends. Laughter is the ultimate answer to success and happiness in life, and this is what the story of mine demanded me to say about laughter. Many times my family of four departs to go camping during the @DATE1. Family friends enjoy coming along with us on these vacations. A couple summers ago while on a camping trip with my family and lots of friends, I experienced and learned what true, rich laughter could do that changed my life. Whether I learned from the telling of funny stories at campfire, playing little practical jokes on each other, or just some old friendly card games of hearts, I really began to realize what the these times had meant to me. My best gal friend and I were expecting these three boys to join us all week. When the time came that they should arrive my friend and I started plotting out our secret plan. It was the boys duty before they could go out to the lake and start boating, to set up their tent. They managed to make a @NUM1 minute task take two hours, bravo to them. The three lost boys were at the water now as they had finally finished and could stand not to be anywhere but the lake any longer. While they were down swimming my friend and I took their hard worked tent and ripped out the stakes to collapse it first, only to then turn it inside out second. What better way to welcome new comers then to start off things with a good sense of humor.  The boys however didn't think it was quite so funny, however by @TIME1 fall they had a plan rising within them that my friend nor I knew was coming for us. Wake up call rolled around at about four in the @TIME2 for us two girls in a non-sound proof tent. We had a very loud wake up call that sounded as if the ducks were in a war zone against each other. We found out later, that the ducks found sandwiches mysteriously placed in a direct circle all around our tent. It was game on after the boys pulled that prank. It's hard for guys to get you back, if they're stuck in a tent. A zip tie would do the job. In the middle of the @TIME1, sneakily crawl over and zip tie their zippers together. Just as my friend and I thought this was the perfect way to get the boys back, one of our co-partners went and told the guys our plan. The three amigos then wanted to turn around and do it to us first. The next @TIME2 my friend and I woke, we tried to climb out of the tent and that was a little hard to do. Our zippers were tied together and that's not so great of mix when you have us girls that really need to use the restroom. One of the boys had a pocket knife with him and he was playing like cat and mouse with us, barely letting the knife out of our reach. When I finally had hold of the small blade, I ripped open the zippers, gently tossed the knife to the ground and ran to the ladies room. When I got back to blood on the ground, I found that it wasn't as gentle of a toss as I thought it was. The same guy that gave us the knife to use, put his foot in the way of the ever so slightly tossed knife. Once he was home his mom took him to the hospital to get stitches. Campfire that @TIME1 was a hoot. Cards together was hilarious too because by the end we knew how each person was going to play, pretty much we knew who would win and who would come in dead @TIME1. Even with someone having a cut open foot we were on the ground rolling around because we're laughing so hard. My gal friend and I took off the make up and jeans, put on a baggy sweatshirt and up do with our hair and really just had a great time that @TIME1. It was the @TIME1 together there on the camping trip and it was nice to know we were having a good time laughing, with just being our self's and expressing without trying to impress. Later as we're all talking about these stories and jokes pulled on each other, we came to recognize that these are the kinds of moments people live for. Laughing brought us closer together, we weren't friends before and now after our times shared we're exceptionally close best friends. Our friend relationship with each other was brought into contact by laughing in harmony together, by the @TIME1 spent together, by harmless little jokes played on each other, by turning a camping trip in to something much more meaningful."	46
" When I was adopted, I didn't know what to expect. Thoughts ran through my mind of what the @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 were like, what the home was like, and if they would like me or not. I was told I was going to have two new sisters named @PERSON2 and @CAPS3. Sitting in the passenger seat of the black @ORGANIZATION3 @CAPS4 my heart began to pound harder and harder at the passing of every street, coming closer each second to the home that I would soon be able to call my own. Approaching the driveway I saw a well laid out, one story blue house. The door was opened by a really tall well built man, who appeared to just have gotten off of work. He was very welcoming and said his name was @CAPS5, as he invited me in I was greeted by a white pit bull whose name was @CAPS6. To the right was a girl with short hair who was a little bit taller than little five foot three inch me, whose name was @CAPS3. I was a year older than her though, so I saw it as a fun thing to have a little sister. At first I didn't notice she was observing me and then finally when I did notice, she gave me a really big smile exposing her beautiful straight teeth. When I met @CAPS1 who said her name was @PERSON1, I automatically felt this warm feeling of acceptance right away. She was also a little bit taller than me, and was very pretty. They told me that I would be meeting @PERSON2, my older sister the following @DATE1 because she was attending college in @LOCATION1 at @ORGANIZATION1. We stood in the kitchen and talked a little bit trying to get to know the basics about each other. I became very talkative as little electric currents of anxiety drifted through my body. We talked about our interests for a while, and then I finally asked them what the rules were. The response I got was quite different than what I thought I was going to get. I learned that they have never had to ground any of the girls, the only thing that I should make sure to do is simply respect everyone in the household. Finally @CAPS2 decided it was time for the grand tour of the home. My room was a bed room that at the moment was being used as a storage room, so I had to stay with @CAPS3 in her room for a few weeks until @CAPS2 could get all of the things taken out into a shed he was going to built outside in the back yard. The continuous rain kept him from being able to do anything outside, so instead he built a desk for the computer that would fit in the bay window next to the kitchen. Since plan A didn't work out for my room, @CAPS1 ended up having the office be converted into my room and the bay window area was converted into an office space for @CAPS2 to be able to run his business. Each week that passed I began to feel more comfortable, my favorite part of the day was dinner because @CAPS1 was a really great cook. @CAPS1 would take me to counseling sessions to make the transition into the family an easy one. I have never had any one put my needs first before, and it made me feel loved for once in my life. It was always really easy to talk to @CAPS1 and @CAPS2, but I would always find it a little bit harder to talk to @CAPS3. I was always worrying about saying too much or not saying enough, even not being able to say the right thing at the right time. Trying to connect with my sister was a challenge for me. I wanted to get to know what her interests were, but she would constantly be with her friends or be doing her homework.  It wasn't until my @ORGANIZATION1 was having a @CAPS18 @CAPS19 fundraiser that we decided to go. She invited her friend @PERSON3 and I went along to pay for their ice cream. When we arrived and got our ice creams we all sat down at a table when all of a sudden, @ORGANIZATION2's @ORGANIZATION1 friends show up and decide to leave @CAPS3. I see the hurt in @CAPS3's stare right away, so I began to tell her a funny story of something that had happened to me. After I was done we laughed and then she replied with a story of her own. We kept talking back and forth in a reciprocal conversation, and without realizing it we were really enjoying ourselves. It wasn't until later that week when I went to see the counselor that I learned laughter brings people together and connects them in ways one cannot imagine. To this day @CAPS3 and I are really close, and we even prank each other now. I love my little sister @CAPS3."	41
" Many people love to laugh and others just don't like it as much. I'm one of those people who love laughing and will laugh when my @CAPS1 tell a very good joke. I believe that it's important to laugh because it just feels good, it makes you feel that everything is going okay. With the people that you can laugh the most with are obviously your @CAPS1. When you are feeling down who is there to support you, your @CAPS1 are, and what they try to do is to make you laugh.       My best friend @PERSON3 and I have the tendency to always laugh, especially if we have a class together it's all about laughter. We have fun in class, we do pay attention but we just make it interesting and we just laugh so much that it can distract others. Our teacher from sophomore year @PERSON1 always told us that we're very giggly and that it was a good thing. She also told us that she had never seen anyone laugh so much in her class. For example that year we were studying vocabulary and when @PERSON3 and I saw the word countenance we started laughing so much because it means the face and it reminded us about the tv show @CAPS1. Every time that word came up during that week we would laugh so hard that our stomachs started to hurt. Her face would turn as red as a tomato and I just couldn't even say a word. Even now that we're juniors we still remember that and we just start laughing so hard that it gets to the point that if I'm standing up I will let myself drop to the floor and move my feet as if i was kicking something. Now that's when my @CAPS1 start laughing more because they say I'm hilarious.      @PERSON3 and I are the kind of people that if something is very boring to us there has to be a way to make it fun. Some teachers appreciate that we actually have fun in their class but others just don't like it at all. Like last year in @CAPS2 @CAPS3 our teacher @PERSON2 completely freaked out because @PERSON3 and I were laughing. We were paying attention but we only laughed when we were doing our work but he didn't like it. To us that class was extremely boring and we just made it fun but @PERSON2 decided to make a sitting chart. Well you would think that by having a sitting chart @PERSON3 and I wouldn't talk or laugh at all but that didn't happen. That didn't stop her or me from talking to the people around us. We would talk to them and we made class fun. When he thought that we weren't paying attention he would ask us questions and we answered them correctly. Even though @PERSON3 and I were sitting far away from each other we would move our hands around until we got each others attention and then we just started laughing because we looked funny doing all of that without saying a word.  Every day when my @CAPS1 and I eat lunch at school at our usual spot we're always laughing. People that don't really know me think I'm crazy or weird but I say that I'm just myself and that I'm very optimistic. @PERSON3 and I say ""@CAPS4 sad panda's today"" we say that when we see that one of our @CAPS1 is quiet or looks sad. The most weirdest thing is that when @PERSON3 and I laugh at the same time it sounds like one laugh. The first time we realized that we had the same laugh we just started laughing even more that we couldn't even breathe. It's important to laugh because it feels so good and you feel relieved even if you're having a really bad day, like health teachers say it takes more muscles to frown then to smile."	46
"@DATE1 what a night!! Me and my friends we were going to a @CAPS1 party at our dance coaches work. we had to dress up as elves and play with kids. It was fun, but after we were done with the party that's when the real fun began! After we changed out of our costumes and back into our regular clothes we started taking pictures. @CAPS3 were funny ones,cute one, and weird ones,all kinds of pictures. Anyways my friends and i didn't want to go home just yet so we decided that we should go to some places to take more pictures and have more fun! First stop was a school play ground but we couldn't stay because it was late and we weren't allowed inside so we decided to go to the discovery park i was driving and one of my friends in the passenger seat was taking pictures that turned out really funny. so when we got to the park my friend that was taking the pictures said " @CAPS2 i drive around the parking lot?" I said sure. we switched spots and off we went. She was a pretty good driver, but @CAPS3 was some scary moments that i felt we were going to die. ha ha. So she drove around and then went to the stop sign by a main road where she decided it would be a good time to switch back and i was yelling at her "@CAPS3's a car coming we @CAPS2 get in trouble", but no she didn't listen to me she got out so then i had to get out and we were yelling at each other and my friends in the back seat were yelling also not because we were mad but we didn't want to get caught and we were having a lot of fun. so i get back in the driver seat and we are all yelling " get in the car" but she laughing really hard saying " I wet my pants." we all started laughing because we thought she was kidding but oh no she was serious she was laughing so hard that she actually wet her pants! It was a good thing she had extra pants with her. So i had to back up the car so she could change behind this big metal thing. As she was changing we thought it would be really funny if we got a picture of her changing so i got the camera and stuck it out the window, but it was really dark even with the flash on so the picture didn't come out! she was laughing so hard that we teased her saying " keep it in". We still tease her a lot about it even though it's been two months. When ever we are laughing really hard and someone says " oh i think I'm gonna pee my pants" we look at @PERSON1 and say " @PERSON1 knows what that's like" we have too much fun teasing her about things she's done.  the next day we go and tell the rest of our friends that weren't with us what happened and they all started laughing as hard as we did. At the time she wasn't in the room with us when we told the rest of our friends, but when she walked in and we all stopped and saw her it was really hard to keep from laughing. now everyone knows about that night and @PERSON1's " accident". every now and then we make fun of her but she laughs along because we all know it could have been anyone of us. It still makes me laugh today not as much as it did back when it really happened, but you @CAPS2 still get a laugh on it every now and then."	35
" There was a memory of mine that was full of laughter and fun. Then it also turned into a serious and none joking around madder. It all started on a @DATE1 @TIME1, my brother @ORGANIZATION1 called me and told me to come come over I hadn't been over at my moms house in a while. I replied yeah sure man ill be over in a hour. I jumped in my truck and headed to my mothers house.While on the way I stopped to get some gas at the gas station. Fifteenth minutes later I arrived at my moms house. once arrived my brother was out side waiting for me. @ORGANIZATION1 came up to the truck and helped me with my bag and the door. Once I was in the house I walked over to the kitchen saw my @CAPS1, and gave her a hug, and asked her how she was doing? She replied, I'm alright hunny, then asked me what was new, with myself? I said nothing much @CAPS1, hanging out trying to stay out of trouble. I asked her is there anything she needed me to do? Or needs to be done? My om named off a couple things that needed to be done around the house. After she was done telling me some of the things i headed to my room to change into my work cloths, then headed out side. I grabbed my brother on the way because he was going to help me out. While we were down at the garage @ORGANIZATION1 brings up the fact that I haven't been there in a while he said party tonight. I replied ok. While I was done working on the garage, my dad came down and said the fence needs to be fixed, so we moved the tractor over and fixed the fence. Its was @NUM1 at night already people were already showing up.  When we got to the house my @CAPS1 comes out and says, what you guys doing out here? Get in the party already, it's a full house there were @NUM2 people in my moms house that night. Drinking and just having a good time. When i walked up to the living room i noticed the girls were making food for the guys while the guys were playing drinking games. There were a couple games going on, for example there was beer pong, shots, and beer bong. There was always someone that wanted to beat the drinking record in the house, to be the best drinker. The drinking record in the house for one night of drinking was @NUM3 shots and @NUM4 beers. To this day the record still stands and the person who holds the record is me. I look over at shots and a friend of my @CAPS1 said i wanna challenge you. I said ok. It did not end up well @NUM5 shots, and the guy that was against me was passed out on the table.  Hours later everyone was sleeping but me, my brother and one of our friends. We were out side chewing while @ORGANIZATION1 was peeing on his dads car. All of the sudden I look over and @ORGANIZATION1 is puking all over on the ground. I laughed so hard i feel over because the look on his face while smiling when he was throwing up. My friend @PERSON1 and I took @ORGANIZATION1 down stairs to his bed put him to sleep and went back up stairs, to lay down. Before we when it the door opened and it's @ORGANIZATION1 he wanted to say he loves us and good night. We replied thanks bro same to you. Less that thirty seconds later We heard oh crap and a loud noise falling down the stairs, it was @ORGANIZATION1. The next @TIME1 I woke up and I did not feel so good, I told my @CAPS1 about it. She said ok well ill make you some food. So she did I did not feel better so I just went home to sleep. I opened my door I saw my @CAPS1 at my house and said, @TIME1 @CAPS1. She replied you drank? I said yes, and i don't feel so good. she said ok well ill take you to the doctor if it does not get better. A month went by of me not eating right or drinking, so i went to the doctor and they told me i messed up my liver so bad I had the liver of a @NUM6 year old, all i remember was crying and saying to my @CAPS1 never again. I realized drinking and having fun is all ok until someone gets hurt. The doctor told me if i was to drink again I could die, I made the best choice of my life there i believe. To this day I have not drank any alcohol at all it has been a year and @NUM7 days. Laughing and having a good time is great but there are always some thing that go wrong, @CAPS2 under age drinking is aloud at my moms house now."	35
"One time I was sick, and I told my mom ""I need to get some ice tea"" so I get up and go to the freezer. Suddenly my throat gets irritated and I feel the need to cough, so I do and instead of coughing on the side I do it right into the ice bucket. And it just so happens that my mom was standing next to me, and she says ""@CAPS1 god! son what was that?"" so we started laughing. It was ironic because the germs would be preserved in the ice box it was funny I was keeping my germs alive and my mom used that ice."	28
"Many people @MONTH1 think that laughter is not a big part of a relationship. i truly think that have a good laugh with your spouse is a good thing because it means that you are having a good time with each other. I will tell you a true story when i and my girlfriend were laughing and having a good time, and i will talk about another time when laughter was a big part in my life. In the next @NUM1 paragraphs i will decide how laughter help @CAPS1 out a lot in my life. laughter is all about having fun and it should be meant to hurt someone or make them upset or mad at you. I think some people really mean to hurt people because they don't care what they say to others and that's why laughter sometimes can hurt people. I have said some things to people that i thought were funny but the person i was saying it to didn't think it was funny. This first story I'm going to tell you is about @CAPS1 and @LOCATION1. I have been dating @PERSON2 for about a month now and laughter is a big part in our relationship. @PERSON2 and i like to tell jokes to each other and make each other laugh and smile. If we didn't laugh and have a good time with each other than were would this relationship go. It wouldn't go the way i would want it t go. So i try everyday to make her laugh and smile at some of the things that i say because its a important thing in life to @CAPS1 anyways. @PERSON2 makes @CAPS1 laugh all the time and i think thats a good thing to her because she can be a very funny person all the time. So as long relationships have some laughter in it most of them will go for a while. The one person i think that has made @CAPS1 laugh the most is probably my dad. My dad every day when he comes to pick @CAPS1 up he always has something funny to say. I don't think he has not said something funny one day for a long time. The times when my dad is having a bad day at work and then when he comes home and is still in a bad mood i try to say something funny to get him out of his bad mood, and if that doesn't work i just go to my room to get away from him. But most of the time my dad comes home in a good mood because his job is very easy and he likes the people that he works with. Now that would have been a different story if we still lived in I'm @ORGANIZATION1. When we lived in @ORGANIZATION1 my dad had to commute back and forth to work from @LOCATION2 to @ORGANIZATION1. That was about a hour drive one way, so it put him not in a very good mood.but i didn't get to really see him much when we lived over in the @LOCATION4. so anything that funny i think i always try to say just to keep the laughter going.I believe that laughter is a big part in having friends. most friends like to joke around and laugh at things that are funny to them. so when you have a friend that likes to smile or likes to tell jokes usually they become friends and that person gets more friends and they whole community starts to like him in-till he says something that makes a lot of people mad. At our baseball practices @CAPS1, @PERSON3, @PERSON4, and @CAPS2 we like to tell jokes jokes or say something that will make the whole team laugh. another person that is funny to @CAPS1 is @LOCATION3. @LOCATION3 tells a lot of jokes and has funny face exasperation, and the last person that is funny to @CAPS1 is @PERSON1 is one of those guys that thinks he inst funny but really is. I think i have a good friend relationship with all those people.I just told you why i think a good laugh is a good thing in a relationship. It is good around your parents so you can have a good relationship with them. I hope you liked my story. I enjoyed writing on this topic because it explains about @CAPS1 and it explains what i do with my spouse and my friends. I think that everybody has laughter in there life day in and day out to keep a good attitude wit people."	30
" On a hot @DATE3 day during the middle of @DATE1 and I were having a blast camping in @LOCATION2. @PERSON1 and her family took me along on their camping trip we stayed in their @CAPS1, our campsite was right by the ocean so we would go on daily walks there. We stayed in @LOCATION2 for a week. During that week, i believe on @DATE2 her older sister went into labor she lives in @LOCATION1 which is a pretty long drive from @LOCATION2. That morning @PERSON1's mom and dad woke us up very early in the morning around six thirty A.M, @PERSON1 and i had stayed up @TIME1 before until about three thirty in the morning so we were pretty tired at that point. We found out that we were going to take a little plane from @LOCATION5 to @LOCATION4 airport and we got it fairly cheap because @PERSON1's brother works there. Sense we knew we had a long day ahead of us on only about three hours of sleep we both drank very strong coffee to keep us going. Then we were off to the airport the whole way there we were laughing about everything street signs, names of buildings, funny looking birds, songs, also we have @CAPS2 accents that we say every word with so it was that much funnier. My stomach muscles hurt so bad i don't know if we were laughing because things were actually funny or if we were delirious from not having much sleep and on top of that on a caffeine high and sugar rush. Once we got to the actual airport we still could not stop laughing @PERSON1's parents were getting frustrated with us even though we were making them crack up also. We all boarded the plane and we sat next to each other of course. We swear still to this day that we had a secret agent sitting behind us he had on spy glasses, a suit and an ear piece @CAPS3 the secret agents wear that protect the president we kept making up stories about what he does we couldn't stop laughing. Finally he started to talk to us. We were very enthused he was telling us all the places he was going the place I remember the most is @LOCATION3 a secret agent! We knew it at this point. We thought how awesome of a job! Of course @PERSON1's parents interrupted ""I'm sorry sir, are they bothering you?"" @CAPS3 we were some kind of pest, he replied ""of course not, i have nothing better to do."" We even had him laughing so hard that he was crying i guess you could say we are pretty funny when we are together. The best part was when her mom was having anxiety about flying i mean its not funny but she mad it funny because she was saying things such as ""oh my goodness were gonna crash, girls be quiet your freaking me out"" etc. @PERSON1 and I took advantage of the situation and made her even more scared. finally we landed. At the airport we went to the restroom and there was free toothbrushes so we took some @PERSON1 took a green one and I took a pink one. we used them all day in pictures and everything. Then we got a rental car and went to the hospital still laughing about everything we got into the hospital and finally seen the baby she was so cute. We started to settle down once we were in the room. After about an hour we went out to eat we were all so hungry. We ate then had to sit around and waste three hours we went to the mall then to @PERSON1's family's house we crashed! @PERSON1 and I were dead! but we still had the flight home, dreading every step we didn't know how we were going to make it. Finally we got on the plane went back to camp and went to sleep. It was one of those ""had to be there"" days i cant put the emotion and laughter into words it was that funny. We are best friends for a reason were definitely not boring which i think keeps us so close."	32
" I think laughter should be a huge part in everyoneas life. For examlpe; laughter has brought my mother and I closer than we have ever been before. One time we were sitting in her camper and we had not been with each other for a whole month so we just let everything out, and laughing was one of the things. We were laughing about fake teeth, we laughed so hard that I made my mom tinkle her pants. We talked about fake teeth for about an hour. I think laughing makes everyone feel better about themselves, it does me. Laughing is a good way to show someone that you know how to have fun and it's not a bad thing. For someone to know how to laugh and to have fun is a good way to start a friendship or even a relationship. Another example is; @CAPS1 I'm with all of my friends I can never stop laughing, and I love it because I'm not sad. @CAPS1 I was a little girl my family and I went to disneyland and it was the beast time of my life there was not one moment @CAPS1 I was not laughing with all of them. One thing I don't understand is how someone couldn't be laughing or smiling at least @CAPS1 someone says or does something funny. Well back to my story of my mother and I, We were all tired and had a long day and fake teeth just made us all laugh, and laugh it was the best time I think I have ever ahd with my mother. I have always said to everyone I know ""live life while you can you don't know how long you'll have it."" I think that those words are very true and while your living life, laugh. My grandfather is pretty funny to @CAPS1 he is in a good mood he is always making everyone around him laugh. One time he had seen this commercial and it was a plastic grandpa singing ""I'm not your daddy I'm your grandpa"" and it said that maybe four times, and ever since he heard that he sings it all over the house. In conclusion laughing is the best way to feel better about anything. So @CAPS1 your blue just think about something that will always make you laugh and laugh about it."	34
"                                  ""@CAPS1 @DATE1"" @CAPS2 my brother graduated @CAPS1 year it was a great time in our lives . We all were having fun daily because it was like my brother didn't have rules any more this made him a lot more fun to be around. At the beginning of the @DATE1 my brother and I were going fishing almost daily with our friends. It was a very fun for all of us. We all got to hang out and stay connected because there is nothing ells to do in our small town except for go to the lake and fish for bass.   @CAPS2 he graduated everyone close to the family gave him gifts like money or presents. My mother however couldn't decide what she wanted to get him. @CAPS2 she saw us always going up to the lake to go bass fishing she had an idea, she would send my brother and a couple of his friends on a fishing trip. My brother was very excited to here her plan. They spent many hours searching for a place for him and his friends to travel to. They decided on going into the deserts of @LOCATION1 to a huge lake to camp at.  I myself thought this was a very cool plan and i was happy for my brother. Little had I known my brother was planing on taking me with him. He told me his plans of who he would be taking a couple weeks before it was time to depart. I was so excited! My brother said we would be taking our friend @PERSON1 on the trip with us witch was cool because he is a fun person to be around. He was so so happy @CAPS2 we told him he was going because he loves bass fishing more than us.   Immediately @PERSON1 ran out to the garage to get his camping and fishing gear ready for the trip as did we @CAPS2 we got home that night. Two weeks later we all departed for a two week trip to the deserts of eastern @ORGANIZATION1. The first day we were in eastern @ORGANIZATION1 before we even found the place we were going to stay at we went to a huge reservoir to go fishing. @PERSON1 almost caught a huge @NUM1 inch bass however his line on his fishing rod broke. My brother and I laughed at him and he was mad.  We spent the first night on the side of the road in the near freezing dry @LOCATION1 air because we had accidentally gone a day early and our camp sight was occupied in the campground. We were unhappy about it at the time but now we look back on that night with great laughter. The next few days went by with much fun. We met some collage students from @ORGANIZATION1, they were very chill people to hang out with we all joined around the camp fire and told jokes. We laughed for probably a half an hour @CAPS2 one of the guys told us about some funny collage party things that had happened. @CAPS1 @DATE1 was a very interesting @DATE1 that was full of laughter and joy.  "	38
"                                                         Laughter and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 Laughter is the key component in anything in life. @CAPS2 is able to turn any sad moment good and any great moment even greater. Here is an example in which laughter brought my boyfriend and I together. I had been crushing on the same guy, @PERSON1, for two months. I was way too nervous to speak to him. One day my friends and I were walking down the hall where he happened to be. When i saw him I tried to turn around and walk the other way, but my friends pulled me back. They then told me they heard from a ""little bird"" he liked me too, so we continued to walk in his direction. We stopped walking right in front of him and my friends pushed me into him then ran off. I told him sorry as I turned bright red. My best friends had set me up. We stood there for five minutes in an awkward silence. All I did was stare into his beautiful blue eyes. All i could think about was how hot he looked in his black wrestling shirt and his faded blue jeans. He probably thought i was a freak. He had been leaning against the wall standing mostly on his right leg. Then when he went to switch to his left leg he let out the biggest fart i have ever heard. We started laughing. After we had settled down from laughing hysterically, we started talking. We ended up talking for two hours. A couple weeks had gone by and we had been talking more and more each day. Another week had flew by and we went to our first movie. I called @CAPS2 our first date. That night he asked me to be his girlfriend. I of course said yes. Ever since the day he farted I have thanked @CAPS5 for @CAPS2. I wouldn't have him as my boyfriend if @CAPS2 weren't for him braking the ice with his embarrassing moment. Most of all I thank my friends for shoving me into him that day. There could not have been a better way to meet a guy. This is just one example of laughter and how much @CAPS2 @CAPS3 change or affect a situation. Laughter is the medicines of all medicines. @CAPS2 is one of the most important tools a person @CAPS3 have."	40
" One rainy, @DATE1 day in a far away place their was a soccer game.that i was in. I remember that day like it was yesterday.It was the last game of the season,so it was important to me but some things went wrong in the process. I was going to the same like I said. I was just wearing my uniform my aunt said bye as I did. but out of the deep blue shy a big black rain cloud comes out. Oh @CAPS1. so I'm in on the beach thinking to my self the game going to get called off. On it my turn to go in. now in font ready for the for the ball,@CAPS2 I fall on my face. then i fall again coach take me out. so he did, i go back on the beach hopeful the team can do it with out me. game over we lose by two points, its time to leave now but where is my aunt? i called her on my coach's phone , @CAPS1 answer. I think to my self ok shes a little late, but as i look at the time ten go the @NUM1 then a hour. finally shes here. cold, wet and mad from the game. all my aunt said is @PERSON1 don't get mud on the seat. well that's a little hard to do that when it's all over me. my aunt says @PERSON1 you are not going the party looking like that, i said but i have to there is not time to waste. after a little argument my aunt says ok, so i get there and see all that food and all my team mates muddy as me. it's seems like a could move to show the heavens, what a day."	25
" The surrounding area is dimly lit, accompanied by a fluorescent lamp shaded in the corner. Our blaring television screening an action packed, science fiction movie drowns out profane rap music escaping from my brothers headphones. Cuddled up on the couch my sister, @PERSON2, and I alternate braiding each others hair. Our small kittens @ORGANIZATION2 and @PERSON1 race to their food and water. As always @PERSON1 is superior and @ORGANIZATION2 scurries up the dining room chairs, defeated. Irritated @CAPS1 @CAPS2 sighs heavily with frustration once @ORGANIZATION2 trips his laptop charger and rips it out of the socket. Keys jingle, the door slams, speedy footsteps: @CAPS3's home!   By now it is @NUM1 o'clock and we have settled on the couch and everybody seat checks after snatching some food. The aroma of spicy @CAPS4 food steams the entire apartment as everybody feasts on chalupas and gulps down @ORGANIZATION1 from @LOCATION1. Napkins are distributed and the cats linger around our feet, waiting for their share. The last bite of my chalupa is portioned between the cats, which causes a bit of ruckus. @PERSON1 undertakes @ORGANIZATION2! The thief in @PERSON1's attitude begin to shine through as she robs @ORGANIZATION2's portion. This causes @ORGANIZATION2 to hiss at her, and proceed to hop onto the coffee table. On the way, she charges through the five drinks at the end of the table, managing to knock over two of them. Then the nacho cheese, being very unnoticeable, coats her striped gray paw leaving one-inch, yellow-orange circles to puzzle us. Minute but sharp white teeth are exposed and she devours the remains of @PERSON2's chalupa. Raining down the coffee table are trails of blue fizzy @ORGANIZATION1, and puddles gather at my feet the new suede couch. Smothered by booming laughter, @PERSON2 screams at @ORGANIZATION2 for stealing her chalupa. Following the escape of @ORGANIZATION2, @PERSON1 trots innocently behind her. My sister is still steaming angrily so in attempt to calm her down, I take off my newly @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1-stained sock and catapult the mess toward her head. Instead of the sock slapping her in the face like I had hoped, it whistled past her ear and splashed in the fullness of my mothers stomach. Between the sock and the cats, the whole family is cracking up! @CAPS1 @CAPS2 reenacts the situation and his wild sound effects encourage our laughter even more. After a few minutes, the chuckles die down and we prepare ourselves for the next humorous incident.  I am freezing and muddy after a rainy softball practice, my siblings are just lounging around, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 is frustrated from failure of employment, and @CAPS3 is weary and exhausted from a long day at work. We all look forward to what the night has in store for us: laying our busy brains on a fluffy pillow and allowing slumber to take over our life for the next @NUM1 hours. Looking past our sleepiness, we can still happily spend time with one another. Considering the fact that @PERSON1 is younger than @ORGANIZATION2, hilarious situations such as this, amuse my family daily. Surprisingly @ORGANIZATION2 wore the warrior suit this time which added a few extra minutes to the process of the hilarity. Not only that, by also the fact that it took a toll on everybody's dinner. My family is blessed with the knowledge of seeing light in odd situations. The main element in our memorable moments is laughter. Laughter is one of the few bonds our family will hold forever. "	41
" Laughter is important in any relationship because it brings two people closer, connecting them between something they have in common forming an unbreakable bond between the two of them laughter is the glue that holds together any relationship and keeps a person from breaking into tears when something wrong happens. In fact without laughter I probably would not even get through my day to day school life. Without laughter one class in particular would be a nightmare.  In @ORGANIZATION1 we are dissecting cats and we are working with a partner, if I was not making jokes and laughing while I worked, my partner and I would have hated each other. We got to choose our partner and work at a lab station with another pair of students, fortunately for me I knew all of the people I was working near and with, and I was friends with all of them. we had to wear gloves and suits so we didn't get fluids or ""cat juices"" on us. First, we had to skin the cat, of course there is more than one way to do this, you can cut, slice, rip, and pull to remove the skin. Then we had to view and identify the muscles this was especially hard because we could not tell where one muscle begins and another ends. Next we had to remove the muscles and identify the bones and digestive organs. After we identified the bones and digestive organs, we had to remove them and view the stomach, liver, intestines, and kidneys. We had to cut open the stomach, intestines, and kidneys to look at the structure of them. lastly, we had to remove the heart and lungs. The class was told we are doing dissections for about a month and it has only been three weeks. You can only imagine how horrible and fascinating it is and how much I need laughter to keep myself together and from going insane. My friends keep me from breaking into tears and keep me laughing.  Dissecting cats in @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 was challenging not only physically, but mentally challenging as well. It stressful, fascinating, and gross, and without the jokes and the laughter I do not think I would have never made it through it. My friends support there when I needed it guided me through the terrible assignment. So as you can clearly see, without laughter I would not be able to do some of the day to day things I do at school."	40
"      It was midsummer, and i could feel the cool ocean breeze washing over my skin. You would think everything would be calm, but it was the exact oppasite.I wouldnt talk to him or even look at him. He was trying so hard to get me to laugh but i just couldnt. I was so furious with him that i thought nothing between us would ever bee the same again. I thought that our three months together was up, and it scared me so much. He left for his trip the next day, and he left without saying a word.       I cried myself to sleep for a week. I knew he was back in town already, but he hadent called or said anything to me. After weeks of wondering and waiting, i could feel th at it was over. I talked to my sister and she told me that he would come around again and i had to be patient. I tried to take her words in my heart and i wanted to believe that it was true. I called his house everynight, but everynight i got the same answer, ""he's not home, but i'll let him know you called"". i wanted to believe that i would hear from him, so to pass the time i kept my self busy with cleaning and going out with my family. A couple of day's of not thinking and worrying about him did me good. I was smiling and laughing again. I felt like i could begin to breath a little and have fun. My sister's advice ended up working cos a week later he called me and told me that he wanted to see me. I told him he could come by @DATE1 and that i was very excited to see him again. The call ended and i was smiling from ear to ear.            The next couple of day's i was in a complete fenzy, getting everything clean, figuring out what i was going to wear. Everyone thought i was going crazy, but the truth is that i was scared. Scared of what he will say to me, and were we would go from here. Th days seemed to fly by and the next thing i knew, he was knocking on my door. I let him in and he took my by surprise with a big hug. We sepnt hours jsut talking and listening to music. It was as if nothing had ever changed. Before we knew it it was dark out and he was leaving. I walked him to the front of my trailer park, and he sat me down on the side walk and took my hand's. I was shocked and didnt know what to do but listen. He told me that he was sorry for the way he acted and that tonight he realized how much he wanted to be with me, and that he was completely in love with me. I couldnt do anything except cry and laugh at the same time, and soon enough he was laughing with me. I couldnt have asked for a more perfect moment.      It's been six months since @TIME1. We are better than ever becuase we have the laughter. It's what help's keep our relationship solid, and it keep's us close. Everyone need's a little laughter in there life. Im glad that i found someone special enough to always keep me laughing. It's like we never stopped. If you ever feel hopeless and like there's nothing for you. Remember to laugh, it's what makes the world go round."	32
" LAUGHTER @CAPS1 knows that laughter is a healing medicine. It has the power to ease a lot of aches and pains, such as the hole in someone's heart after a breakup or the suffering of someone unable to provide for their family. However, the kind of aches laughter eased in my life was the pain from the loss of a dear friend and teacher. Recently, one of the best teachers I've gotten the chance to know passed away. He was trying to get into the @ORGANIZATION1 to set up his lesson plans for the @TIME1, when the fatal incident happened. <@NUM1</@CAPS2> had a doctor's appointment that day and had gotten a substitute to take his place. It was six o'clock in the @TIME1 and still dark out as @PERSON2 tried to open the doors of the @ORGANIZATION1. Before he knew it, he was down on the ground waiting for someone to come help. Eventually, @PERSON1, the janitor, came out, spotted him and quickly called @NUM2. The ambulance hustled to come pick him up and rushed him to the hospital for emergency care. As soon as they got there, they found out he had had a heart attack. He'd had a couple minor ones before this one. However, this heart attack was big. It took his life and they weren't able to revive him. @PERSON2 was pronounced dead on the day of @DATE1.  Our principle called for an emergency assembly when we all had arrived at @ORGANIZATION1 that @TIME1. We had known something was wrong, considering the strange looks on all of our teachers' faces. All the students gathered together in the small gym of our @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1. The air was filled with anticipation as we waited for something to happen. After a bit, a man we all knew walked out in front of us with a microphone in his hand. With slumped shoulders and a grim face, @PERSON3, our principle, told us of the tragic news. My mouth fell open and I gasped. I could hear people adjusting in their seats and murmuring among themselves as they struggled to take in the devastating news. Looking around, I saw the same shocked expressions on @CAPS1 of my classmates' faces. I didn't know what to do. I wanted to cry, but I couldn't just yet. @PERSON3 explained the situation further as we intently listened to the sickening words coming out of his mouth. I was in shock. I didn't believe that @PERSON2 was gone.  After our principle was finished speaking, we were ushered out of the gym by melancholy teachers and told to report to our first period class. As I made my way to my locker, I heard sobbing, but it was mostly silent. I quickly grabbed the folder for my first class and closed the locker, wanting to get out of the hallway and into a more private area. Walking into the classroom, I sat at my desk. People in my class filed in through the door and took their seats as well. Our teacher for that class didn't talk to us, so we presumed we weren't doing anything. Sitting there in silence and feeling helpless I put my head down on my desk and started to cry. It really happened, I thought to myself. The reality of the @TIME1 was setting in.  By the end of first period, the sleeve of my sweatshirt was drenched in tears and mascara. Nobody had really said anything, but that was okay. Seeing that I had been crying, people stopped to hug me as I sluggishly walked down the hallway to my second period class. I expected my next class to be a lot like the first, but it wasn't. In place of the cold silence, was the soft sound of music. Instead of crying by themselves, people were being comforted by friends. Students were making cards for @PERSON2's family. We were all reminiscing the good times we had with @PERSON2. We retold the stories he told us of his life in the classes he taught. We remembered the funny crack he would get in his voice when he raised it in even the slightest way. We laughed when we remembered how he couldn't hang up anything straight and that the evidence was on his classroom walls. For the first time in that already long day, we felt alright. We felt as if we could celebrate his life, not mourn it.  The rest of the day was alright. Not because we lost a great teacher, but because we could love and appreciate a great teacher. Laughter eased the pain and sorrow of that dreadful day. We could remember and laugh about the good times we had in the classroom with him throughout our @CAPS3. @ORGANIZATION1 and @ORGANIZATION1 years. We could remember the man @PERSON2 was through the small tickle in our bellies. Laughter brought us together in a time of need."	48
" Everyone knows how important a laugh can be. Everyone has a different laugh, it can be powerful and moving or devastating and hurtful. Someone said, ""Laughter is the shortest distance between two people."" I agree with this statement, everyone has a different laugh and and laughs for many different reasons, laughing is so powerful, someone can make you laugh when your upset or unhappy and they could change everything and how you are feeling. Laughing is a way of connecting with others, you laugh when you are having a good time, are hurt and need someone. Laughs are surprising you never know when your going to laugh and for what, it could be from a little joke or a funny elaborate story being told to you.  Over the @DATE1 I was moving back to @PERSON1 from @LOCATION1, and I was very nervous and scared to be the new kid again. Even though I knew some people from when I used to live here, nothing was going to change the fact that I was the new kid. Not too long after I moved I got reconnected with some old friends of mine that I have known since the second grade when I lived here before. My friends and I are always having a good time, laughing, and just being crazy. All of us girls have been through a lot the past few years and that @DATE1, and it was nice to see them and talk to them again after all that has happened to us, we have all gone of and done our own thing and became friends with different people, but we are still close friends after all this time. It was good to spend time with them and see how much they have changed. We have all changed a lot in the past few years. And we @MONTH1 have fought caused some drama and some of us moved away, but we have been through almost everything together since we were little kids and probably will still be friends through out high school and collage.  @DATE1 was almost over and school would be starting again me and three other friends of mine wanted to something all together one last time before school started. So we planed to have one big sleepover. one of the friends lives in @LOCATION2, and she was able to come out to @PERSON1 and have this sleepover with us. It was just like second grade again, I don't think I have ever laughed as hard in my life. Not long after we all got there, we were laughing, talking, and having a great time. That night we were all sleeping over, we were thinking of something fun to do, and of my friends decided it would be fun to go @CAPS1'ing, so we asked her mom if it was @CAPS2 and she said as long as we don't go to far way from home and we have our phones on us in case we need to call her and have her pick us up. It was still a little too early for @CAPS1'ing, so until we waited for it to get dark, we walked to the store down the street from her house and bought bags and bags of toilet paper. It still wasn't dark or late enough to go, so we watched some movies, went to the mall, and stuck our feet in her hot tub. I was nice being back and being with all my old friends again. We stayed up and finally it was dark and late, so we put on all of the black clothes we owned and disguised our selves so no would could recognize us, we looked pretty convincing. We put on big jackets so we could hide the toilet paper in our jackets and if someone saw us walking they wouldn't see any of the toilet paper. We tried to be quit and sneak up on houses, but it dint work, we were so loud, we could not stop talking or laughing. We were being so loud we couldn't hear some other kids out late on their bikes also. They got closer and close and we realized it was some other guy friends we know from school, they got board and went for a bike ride. They helped us @CAPS1 some houses and it was getting really late, so we decided to head back.  This @DATE1 was one I will never forget, we had so much fun and we agreed we have never laughed so much for anything. It was a hard year for all of us and it was great to see some familiar faces and spend time with some true friends like we used to."	33
